three two one boom and we're live what's
happening all right and I am just stoked
to be here I'm stoked to have you here
man it's a pleasure to meet you I love
your show thank you it's fun it's a fun
fucking car show
it really is man it is I tell people I
might be the smartest guy in the world I
figured out how to drink beer and play
the cars gay for him yeah but it's like
it's a fun show it's like you not taking
yourself too seriously having a good
time you know you're buying and selling
awesome cars well yeah for sure it's uh
it was a dream of mine to get it done it
took 8 years to get it sold but here we
are now
did it really yeah I started this I
started pitching the show in 2004 we
didn't start till 2008 our 2012 what
were you doing before that before
television our before gas monkey yeah I
kinda had two stages in life I was a
firefighter police officer a medic
before I was old enough to drink I mean
I'm talking 19 years old carrying a gun
probably not the smartest thing to let
me do and then I let you ever grow when
you're 19 I had a badge I was a cop
literally I was a police officer and so
by the time I was 20 I was it's also a
firefighter and so I did that for a
while and then moved into printing and
advertising and then sold that and got
into this so was it just like something
you just always into cars and that's
what led you to the show you know how
would I tell the story diplomatically
realistically I was watching the shows
that were on TV at the time I'm always
been a car nut and a motorcycle guy and
what have you and I realized one night
that my kids are never in the room
watching it and my wife's not in the
room watching it you know and the shows
that were on were a little bit too much
bravado and and I'm a tough guy and you
know so I dug it and all my buddies dug
it but the wives and stuff and I was
like Kylie they're missing a big chunk
of the market here if you could tone
down that part of it a little bit and
still have a cool brand and still be a
cool guy you know and get the moms and
the kids in the room hopefully it's a
lot more successful and so that's that
was kind of where the idea came from and
I just went out and started it that's
interesting so the mark
getting side of you kicked in uh-huh so
the marketing side of you went I think
there's another way to do this yeah I
mean I'm still a tattooed guy with some
jewelry but you know I got a pitbull I
got a poodle on a leash not a pitbull on
a chain well the show it doesn't seem
compromised that's what's interesting
about it because it seems like a kind of
a guy show I never thought about that
why well
the way I approached it was just like
when I was a kid and my dad had a garage
it not a you know not open for public
garage but he had place that we kept his
car and the neighbors would come over
and they'd tinkerin they drink beer and
that's what car guys to do so we kind of
took that approach of that's what gas
monkey does we just drink some beer and
play some cars and goof around it's just
like Saturday afternoon but all week
long did you have any of a background in
automobile knowledge did you know like
how to fix things or did you yeah I've
never really been the full fabricator
you know I understand everything how it
works but I'm probably more of a
business guy so I was able to go out and
hire good guys to do the fabricating
stuff and we've got a great team but I
did have the car knowledge and I and I
had you know I had the eyeball for what
was good and keeping up with what was
gonna be happening and things like that
and that's kind of my strong suit is
saying okay Porsches are fixed to be
popular so we're gonna get into 356s or
Broncos like the one you drove it is you
know or what have you and I'm keep my
eye on the market that's interested so
you're but you still do keep your eye on
the market I saw that 68 that you have
outside the 68 Chevelle yeah 68 68
convertible goddamn that's a nice car
it's a good it's probably the best one
I've ever seen I mean from an original
standpoint
yeah it's mint I mean it's got a little
scuff saw it's it's driven you know but
it's it's in perfect condition it
doesn't have any dents or anything wrong
with it it's literally a little old lady
from Pasadena I mean the lady bought it
brand new and she passed away a couple
years ago and I bought it from her
grandson wow what a cliche 50 mm
original miles and never been wrecked
old lady from Pasadena is a cliche I
know right it was technically Pomona but
you know saved Wow yeah that car those I
mean I've said this on the show a
million times I'm a giant fan of like
the time period of 1965 to somewhere
around like 71 they fell apart yeah you
know like you still get a 71 Challenger
71 Barracuda is still pretty sweet for
sure but then you get into like 72 73
they had to start putting the big
bumpers aren't there with didn't you got
the gas crunch and then got four
cylinders and it was a bad time in the
late 70s for sure it was a bad time but
it's a good time now it's a really
interesting really interesting time now
for muscle cars it's the race is so
crazy that they're putting out
street-legal cars you could buy from a
dealer with 700-plus horsepower and
almost every dealer has one now oh yeah
for sure I mean I've got a demon myself
that's great horse but it's fucking
crazy you know the new gt500 is out
that's gonna have over 700 horsepower
you know you have the the Camaro l what
is it one le it's that no what was it
LT one one le no what what the fuck is
the niche something like the L 1 1 le Co
that's a zero one one le which is 650
horsepower and then the new zr1 that's
750 horsepower this is preposterous oh
it's it's uh I think it could be a
little dangerous you know what everybody
out there thinking I could drive a 700
horsepower car because it's it's
completely different than you know a
normal one well did you see the video of
the guy from one of the head guys at GM
who took it on track like one of the
first days they were released in the car
and he spun out on the first turn
slammed into the wall well I can't say
much I've wrecked a brand new Hellcat
the other day racing it would work
digitally oh no I went to Woodward Dream
Cruise that they had a little celebrity
matchup and I was racing and just lost
didn't hit the wall took out the whole
side of the car were you on a track or
we want a strip it was a street track
that they had right there on Woodward
Avenue so they put up the blocks and you
take off yikes yeah yeah those uh those
Hellcats are beautiful but they're not
they're not that great at cornering
that's still a giant cause a big car
yeah
Mustang and Camaro gonna do better in
the corners
yeah the hell can have so much front
there's so much out in front I mean it
really does remind you more than any of
those other cars though of those 1970
cars you know really has that that shape
is more I kind of like if you look at a
1969 Camaro and then you look at a 2019
Camaro you like uh I don't see it that's
not the same thing but a challenger
really does look like that old car well
kim Timken disc has killed it I mean
that was his whole passion project the
whole time he was running dodge and he
just absolutely nailed it yeah I know
they did they made a great-looking
modern muscle car the other ones are
just great-looking cars I mean they they
are still muscle cars but they don't
really think you don't really think
about the old days when you see him now
they've tried but they didn't get it as
good as Dodge now you guys make some
fucking great builds too you know you
guys have done some really sweet custom
builds like you were telling me outside
that the longest you do a build for is
25 days we've got it down to about 25
from 32 ish when we started so when you
see a car on the show if it's a single
episode then we built that car in 25 26
days that's crazy
start to finish paint interior
everything how do you do it so quick a
lot of planning and we've learned over
seven years now and 130 of them that you
know we've just got our process in and
the crew that I have at the shop now is
unbelievably phenomenal and there's only
six guys doing it there's six guys that
do it 25 days we're done
that's insane but what about like if
you're gonna do a custom suspension or
you know aren't more Morrison chassis or
something that it just takes some
planning so literally what we do is we
build the car three times this is what I
tell everybody will say okay we're gonna
build this 68 Chevelle and so we decide
how we're going to build it what kind of
parts we're gonna use what kind of
suspension wheels motor we we put all
that down on paper and then if it works
mathematically for the project we want
to do then I go find the car then when I
find the car we order every single part
and we don't start that car until every
single thing that was on that list is
in-house has been checked and we're
ready to go so now all we've got is
actual fabrication time and human error
and we're ready to go
still seems like such a short amount of
time and all the builds that I've seen
take seven months nine months a year
it's just the shops are set up
differently
it may be one or two guys or maybe
they've got kind of you know assembly
programs going on or what have you but
we get in there like you'll love the one
we're building right now we're building
a 77 international scout and started
with a really nice one
orange white stripes plaid interior I
mean the whole ball of wax whack the the
chassis out from under it put in a full
Chris Austin chassis works chassis with
only two wheel drive and it's all 2018
Hellcat 8-speed automatic Jesus in it
and slammed on the ground but it's still
removable top and was a great California
truck I've guarantee that oh wow so you
made so you lowered it yeah we're coming
the hell Scout oh wow that's pretty
badass it's gonna be wicked car yeah
those Hellcat jassi's Jonathan Ward the
same guy who's doing this is who did my
Bronco the icon they're doing that with
one of the I think it's a super bird and
one of the one of those iconic Mopars
yep from the late 60s early 70s they're
doing a full Hellcat chassis and the
whole deal with that
oh really they're yeah yeah what company
was the first one to really get stupid
with these cars I guess it was kind of
Corvette with the zr1 with horsepower
figures yeah for sure
Corvette stepped out there with the zr1
and started cranking it up everybody was
caught in production yet you had the
resurgence of Shelby yeah there it is
there's Jonathan Ward's oh wow look at
that thing
that's good-looking that is like
literally like trying to have a block
like a city block on wheels they take
around a corner look how long that
content a kiss yeah that's gonna be a
fresh car yeah badass he does some
awesome shit over there too he's doing
some well he's doing one I don't think
he can talk about I think he's keeping
it under wraps but he's got a bunch of
cool shit yeah for sure he's you ever
been there
I have not right down the street I know
go visit afterwards we might I don't
think I'm gonna fly when's your flight I
don't know okay got a couple of Martin
hold
notice I said they'd say I got a couple
art hold because I don't think I make
enough money for a plane yet got to talk
to disco on that well your private
planes that we were saying yeah I don't
I mean we're all scrambling for
something yeah that's the ultimate
scramble the private jet money but that
is just so much fucking money that's
that seemed it is a little ridiculous
yeah but I'd like to have a tricked-out
one gas monkey on it little monkey on
the tail yeah with a keg in it somewhere
oh yeah for sure now when you do these
shows and you bargain people down and
then they watch the show do people ever
get pissed I've had a few and in the
first first few years they were just
excited you know that we were gonna be
doing something with the car and there's
always an element of sentiment to it you
know it was their dad's or right was
their moms or grandma's or whatever and
they want to see it go to a good home so
you got several different kind of people
they don't want you to not do anything
if you're gonna fix it up we want to see
it you know all kinds of things like
that but nowadays it's it's a little
more harder for me to get a decent deal
because don't even know the success of
the show and I show up and they're like
I didn't say ten thousand I said
thirteen yeah yeah yeah well I would
imagine when people see what you sell
them for after you fix them up then they
get a little upset yeah they can but I
mean they don't understand the amount of
work and time and money that we put into
it most of the cars that we're building
on the show now we're putting at least a
hundred grand in and sometimes as much
as 300 really you know I mean what
building everything we're building now
this is when the new season comes out in
June people gonna be amazed you know
we're building this kind of stuff Wow
and it's wicked cool are you doing that
in 25 days yeah fuck man just put the
other good plan and execute it well must
be like a thing now because the show
that people want to get a gas monkey
bill car they do but how would I say
this diplomatically if it weren't for
employees vendors and customers business
would be great we we we don't do a lot
for the the customer
until we've built it for ourselves and
then we sell it to them but as far as
coming in off the street we just like
building what we want to build honing
our skills and then we find a buyer
every once in a while I'll have God come
in and go look I can this is what I want
but I can I won't call you I won't come
in there with a new steering wheel you
know mmm like it gets that's why a lot
of times cars do take seven months or a
year because the guy that's having its
built is in there every other weekend Oh
No maybe we move this over here and
paint it purple yeah I get it
ya know it does seem like he'll be way
better just build it how you like it and
then sell it well yeah I mean it's still
a business decision I'm trying to build
it to where I think it's gonna do the
most you know the most money at the end
of the day and stay true with what's
going on as far as that particular car
and what's going on in the marketplace
and technology and what-have-you
and we do get a lot of calls where
people come in okay I want that exact
same thing you know and so we'll build
another one well sometimes you you do
buy cars and then just sell them without
doing anything to it right yeah that's
what we call our B stories you know
we'll buy something bring it in maybe
just put some wheels on it or whatever
but usually it's just clean it up get it
run and sell somebody else to dream
because not everybody can afford a fully
built car right and or they want to do
it themselves so we get them a good
project I don't think people realize how
much money is involved in a fully built
car ridiculous
yeah like have you ever seen those rev
ology Mustangs I was looking at those
last night it's pretty intensive build
really really interesting stuff this guy
take it's it's essentially not really a
Mustang I mean it's kind of licensed by
Ford it looks exactly like a Mustang and
I was all Mustang parts but he's got
everything new it's just brand new like
a brand new you know SUV take the kids
to soccer yeah except really fast and
fun to drive
in 1966 you know 65 66 like he's got a
GT 350 that's a it's not really a 66 GT
350 every part of it though all the
fenders everything's all newly
fabricated it's dead we're gonna do that
this season to where I'm gonna build a
car back to original like a 60 I'm
excited
do my Stanger forgettable Camaro but if
there's this guy's cars to me come the
fuck on that is yeah beautiful well
we're gonna build one that never existed
look how pretty that goddamn thing is
he's killing it I want to see what one
of those things is like in real life
he's even got push-button start you know
its senses when you're near the the car
so it'll unlock for you but it's the
just it seems like it's super high
quality build to the look how fucking
pretty that is well the trick is is how
much work goes into it because yes they
do make these parts aftermarket and
what-have-you but a lot of times that's
not the best stuff in the world so you
end up fabricating that and massaging it
in and making all the gaps right and
whatnot so you can't just expect that
you're gonna buy a set a new you know a
new front end fenders and hood and
everything gonna work out perfect you're
gonna always have to massage it and get
it right well I've been paying attention
to this guy for a while and essentially
what he's been doing is honing the
process over the last few years and he's
got a company now that makes I think
it's called Dyna Corp that makes all the
pardons they make everything in terms of
like the body's body stands yeah and you
know he's got his whole process down but
you know when you watch him drive the
cars it seems like he's I mean it sounds
perfect like everything inside of it
seems like completely locked down no
squeaks or rattles it's really like a
modern car for sure and there's a lot of
shops that do an amazing job at doing
that stuff that's what I like what I
don't like I mean I like the way they
look if I look like an old like a 67
gt500 I like the way they look but if
you try to hit the brakes on one of
those things or if you try to make a
turn with those old tires like
everything's fucking that skinny and you
know the balance is all wonky
yeah 1967 car balance we get a lot of
that I've built a few cars for like
copper for contests mm-hmm and somebody
will win in this car and and then
they're like it's this is horrible you
know I'm like that's because it's a
stock 65 but yeah you know and what have
you because you know if you don't
realize what you're by and then yeah I
can be a disappointing process
yeah those old cars man mean we've come
a long way it's it's pretty amazing if
you go back from you know a 1970 car to
a 2019 car and you drive it and you hit
the brakes and you do all the numbers
like stopping 60 to zero and handling I
mean the cars of today are pretty
ridiculous it is absolutely amazing the
technology it's out and the fact that we
can use that technology so much easier I
mean you can build these kind of cars or
anything you dream up because you can
literally do it right here with your you
know your Google in your pocket yeah
okay I want to do this this and what
have you so it ends up being the cars
that we're putting out are definitely
just like a brand-new car yeah but it's
a really interesting time to for resto
mods you know because so many people are
into that now they realized that they
liked the looks of those old cars but
they're not really into the way they
drove correct everybody's about comfort
and bluetooth and you know all that kind
of stuff so I'm not really that way I'm
a 32 Ford nut and I kind of like cars
the way that they more or less came out
I mean I'm offered maybe some disc
brakes or safety or whatever but I like
the squeaking and having to learn how to
drive it and figure it out the character
of it yeah yeah no transmissions exactly
yeah how much longer before the manuals
dead I think it's already got the nails
in the coffin
seems like it but then you know like
American cars they'll come out with cars
like the GT 350 you can't even get it
with an automatic fuck off yeah they
won't even sell it to you yeah and
they're gonna hold on with that as long
as they can but you know you bring
competition cars Porsche Ferrari Lambo
Mercedes that you know it's you can't
get a man manual Wow everybody wants
that Nurburgring time you know I want
that super fast Nurburgring time and
unless you have a double clutch
transmission unless you have paddle
shifts you're gonna miss a second here a
second there and then people are gonna
look at it when they it's so ridiculous
that people look look at those times
yeah because the average Joe it and
going out there and doing that I mean
the modern cars mean like the zl1 that
we were talking about earlier I think
they're down to the 1le I think is down
to seven minute and real low seconds
Nurburgring time which is
fucking crazy that's faster than a gt3
RS from a couple of years ago they're
sure for a $60,000 car that you could
buy at a Chevy dealership yeah probably
close to 80 but yeah is it yeah I think
it's like 78 okay yeah but they're
loaded but nominal car it's bits I agree
that that Corvette and probably the
demon or two cars that are the most bang
for the buck I mean just get it and go
the zl1 and/or the zr1 rather is almost
too stupid it's almost too ridiculous
it's like if you're a regular person and
you buy that and you try to take it
somewhere - for you to understand the
limits of the grip how much gas you can
apply for you to have an educated foot
yeah for sure I mean I know they first
started making those how it was it seven
or eight years ago maybe a little longer
I had a client help me getting one he
brought it back the next day scared to
death because I just saw it I'm never
driving because that is just stupid yeah
I saw a picture one the other day in my
Google news feed that someone had bought
and wrecked the next day oh yes master I
was just reading today somebody sent me
a link did you see the episode where we
built the f40 look at that fucking car
it's fucking weird Lord I'm doing
something with that right now that I
can't I guess I can imagine everything
you see there the styling the the
carbon-fiber points the the lift in the
front and everything that we all of it
but we're doing it with a 72 Riviera
boat tail what yeah it's gonna be
frickin sick we've already chopped the
top brought it down so that it doesn't
have that clam mouth and looking you
know windshield and so we're taking all
of a bunch of our styling cues in art
and definitely all of our driving
components ideology and we're cramming
it into a 72 really how is that fit huh
how's that gonna fit um well we're not
taking the chassis and putting it over
there we're making our own right and
we've worked with Chris Austin on it
also for use in that transmission that
in its suspension
independent rear I got a video your
faggot fine it's in the 72 Riviera like
a million pounds how much does this
thing weigh it's a lot but we're
clearing all of that out we're working
with speed core and we're doing a lot of
tops gonna be carbon fiber and so will
the hood honk and maybe even the full
front clip speed core did a nasty 1970
Mustang for Robert Downey jr. that I
just saw online the other day yeah with
a supercharged coyote engine in it like
a weird color - like a beige like a
weird kind of yellowish funky see I like
the funky color do you the crazier the
better yeah laughs I just love it like
our cars gonna be like a weird muted
grey with with red and chrome and carbon
I mean we're getting pretty crazy with
it we're about halfway through so it's a
72 boattail Riviera CV and fun one of
those I'm trying to picture that I have
I had a Riviere when I was in high
school hmm no I didn't have a Skylark so
yeah here you go whoa that's a stock one
but then it'll turn into the look at
that
we just started changing yeah so that's
a you know a few people have built them
into hot rods but Wow
if you stay on that video it'll just
feed to where it what its gonna look
like when it's done oh I see what you
did so you have oh wow that's crazy
it's gonna be nuts it'll probably be at
SEMA this year in bare metal whoa that's
a beautiful car don't have wagon wheels
on it like that stupid thing though yeah
I'm not a fan of those those uh that was
the thing for a while that's gonna be
free that's pretty badass yeah you don't
see those net you never see that car
like that's a rare car now we found a
one owner with zero hit zero rust I mean
the metal on is perfect what are those
Australian cars that were in a madman's
now whoa damn that is gonna look pretty
nasty it's gonna be slammed like that
and it's gotta be nasty too we're
probably gonna bring him in for around
1,300 horsepower what we're building
that one just for sheer shits and
giggles of her phone because nobody does
that well somebody's gonna want it for
sure I hope they have a lot
that's like a money pit right now yeah
how much does something like that cost
to build 350 Wow
yeah to build and then how much would
you like to make what you want to try to
I always try to make at least 20% I mean
it's kind of a goal right but uh that's
reasonable yeah especially considering
all the creative time and putting it
together and yeah we do everything
in-house I mean it's set for interior
we're doing every single thing in the
house now I mean we've come a long way
since the beginning when you have that
kind of horsepower
what kind of rubber you're gonna have on
that thing Oh it'll have 15 inches on
each side all right
it'll have I think we went with twenty
fours and 22s and super super wide Wow
yeah you kind of have to write and even
then it's probably gonna spin out
everywhere now because we're using all
the technology we're using the
independent suspension we're using all
the sensors all the the stuff that's in
that brand-new vet so we're exacting
control as well Wow how do you adapt
that over to an old car like that you
just go through the systems we've got a
guy working for us now that helped us
run our standalone Hellcat that they
said couldn't be done when we were built
the shark cat and so he just gets the
whole thing and starts eliminating
sensors or bad inger you know and we end
up with all the same technology so the
sensors understand when a wheel spinning
and then they compensate with brakes or
horsepower brakes you know though you
know get your stupid the stupid light
you know you can't do that so we'll be
able to turn it all on and off just like
a brand-new car Oh
so will you have different modes like a
race mode Street mode like that yeah but
what a lot of people try to do that I
can't stand is they'll take the
something with that idea no okay I'm
just gonna pull the body off and cram
this under there and weld it together
and hope it works and we make everything
adapt to the old car still work though
the way it's supposed to in a brand new
car
yeah I've seen you know there's there's
a guy online that has on Instagram gt500
super SWAT he took an old gt500 body and
put it on
gt500 from a modern chassis and piece it
together like that but I was always
thinking with it with a setup like that
you probably can't have airbags right
you can't there's actually ways to add
it into there but you get into the
narratives yeah you get into the
geometry and the direction of the airbag
so beautiful that looks oh yeah but you
don't want to play with the R&D of
trying to put an airbag into something
like that unless you really really know
what you're doing because you don't you
know refraction of an inch off of being
where it needs to be that airbag could
do more damage than good it it's weird
though because you're dealing with a
totally different sized body too so I
wonder how he's doing this
it's easy it doesn't sound easy but it
is is it really have you done that
before we haven't but I understand the
process and really it's just cut massage
move in move out you know because
there's a company called mag motors you
ever heard of them I don't think I have
go to mag motors dot-com they have what
they're doing is they're putting a
carbon-fiber body on a modern gt500 but
they're using a 67 like Eleanor body but
they're making it out of carbon fiber so
it's that one's gross go to the silver
one that white one looks just to hate
the body so you really know overplayed
how dare you it's just - it's just been
done so many times but who cares it's
amazing yeah go - yeah that's those are
the images but go to get it get it from
the side so you get a better look at it
that's a fucking beautiful car see to me
it's it's weird
it looks like it's it's a little too
high and it looks like they're worried
like I don't know anything about them
but to me looking at it's like you need
to get it down a little bit you know get
a little more actually to get a deeper
dish on the wheel well I think what
they're doing is trying to use all the
geometry yes of the modern car correct
so you end up with something looks like
it could go four-wheeling a little bit
right yeah it's not it's definitely not
slammed yeah in terms of looks right yes
I mean I'm sure the car runs and drives
and performs unbelievably mm-hmm but
it's missing a little to me it's missing
awesome
you know that company classic
recreations no I don't think so they do
they're doing similar cars like that too
but they're doing it you know from the
ground up there's a lot of people doing
it because it's with technology coming
the way that it has it's it's not as
hard to do as it used to be mm-hmm it's
still too laborious task
don't get me wrong but you know you can
make all those systems work anything see
a guy like you that's a car guy you look
at an Eleanor and you look at it like
it's played but a person who doesn't see
them all the time was not in a car
industry you when the last time you saw
one of those fucking things on the
street
shit Jackson there was like five of them
for sale that's the thing if you go
there but like in fusion Motorsports
there Dera down the street here they
make they're the only licensed dealers
they have some deal with the woman who
was the she was the wife of the guy who
wrote gone in 60 seconds or / -
something like that and so they make C
go to fusion Ellen or they make some
pretty sick ones but you think there's a
played-out personally yeah I'm just not
an Elinor car fan I just that is fucking
beautiful why do you hate America
Richard I do not love that it's just
there's hundreds if not thousands of
them out there you must hate America no
way and I love the most things I've got
three of them I sell up including a real
68 Shelby but is it the shape or the
color scheme it is the shape I mean to
me it's it's such a popular car in the
movie that you know too many people did
it and now everybody's doing it and you
know it's what have you yeah but I mean
how many of them are out there in
comparison to like say a modern zr1 this
problem this gun really as many do you
think so oh yeah really yeah there's
different companies making tons of them
all car people say that they say two
cars they think are played out 69
Camaros and these things like everybody
does a 69 Camaro and everybody does
Elinor yeah and the Dukes Hazzard car oh
yeah same thing yeah you know now a
badass 69 charger don't get me wrong but
painted orange with a flag on top
let's play it out you can't do that
anymore that flag it's fucking unknown
grad is for sure you believe they pulled
that show off the air
yes cuz the flag that shows off the I
thought it showed on like some weird
obscure cable Jay pulled it off a TV
land that's really up TV land I've wrote
a whole thing about it on Instagram how
ridiculous it was yeah I don't know if I
agree with that I mean it's like trying
to erase history or whatever yeah yeah
well you live in Dallas though it's a
little easier to get by with a
confederate flag and towels oh yeah we
don't have a bunch of matcha cheese
drinkers and what-have-you like we do
out here come on yeah yeah I I you know
living in Dallas I have to do my
business with the people out here in LA
and it's you know I'm getting off work
before they've had their two chai lattes
and walk their dog and showed up to the
office like come on guys get up and get
to work it's there now get accused of
like have you been drinking I'm like
yeah it's 7:30 in the night here I've
been off for two and a half hours people
get upset at you if you've been drinking
you know what I'm trying to conduct some
of the business calls that we do in the
evenings because they haven't gotten to
work yet and they asked you if you've
actually been drinking sometimes really
well sure because they know you from the
show but we I'm talking about my agents
manager that works and whatever I'm like
yeah cuz I've been off since 5 o'clock
guys most people have a couple beers and
sit around the shop well most people
there yeah yeah it's a different world
out here so a little bit of a culture
shock it is I don't I don't know I mean
I like it it's okay but I think if I was
gonna move gas-monkey anywhere it would
probably be Scottsdale Scottsdale is
nice it's freaking cool it's about a
million degrees in the summer though you
ever get there but it's a dry heat so
the sauna
it's fucking preposterous we went out so
I was in the it was in Phoenix last July
and we went outside we just stood there
for a second go this is this is
ridiculous we should get used to this
because this is with global warming's
gonna be like in LA in just a few years
yeah you guys are gonna either be on
fire from the from the volcanoes or
global warming or
every our sliding into the ocean but I
really like Scottsdale fun fact next
week they have me planned in the
Scottsdale Open and the waste management
open there in the celebrity pro-am oh
yeah do you golf
I absolutely suck at it yeah horribly
I've been a member of the same Country
Club for about 19 years I probably
played about 50 rounds of golf in my
life they've got me playing in the
pro-am the celebrity thing and and I'm
like what we've ever gets teamed up with
me is in big trouble you're gonna
tighten up before you go you're gonna
take some lessons or anything no way man
I'm sweet because because the way I look
at it is all I'm gonna do then it's like
be pissed off that I can't do what the
guy told me to do right gonna get much
better and then it's like what I tell
them on but on top of that is I'm like
okay you think you're so good at golf
cuz you can shoot 72 you know or
whatever well mathematically this is an
eighteen shot game right you can figure
it out mathematical yeah I mean if you
had some insane ability well yeah but
you don't have to have insane ability to
figure out the mathematics of it so
because it's an eighteen shot game guys
yeah but no one's ever done that mm-hmm
so how is it an eighteen shot game just
massive bill Knight is a one punch fight
well no it's more like saying that
because more fights are one punch fights
than ever a golf game is an eighteen
shot golf game I'm seeing mathematically
propulsion direction in right etcetera
and so forth you can get that ball from
that spot to that hole every time it's
possible with enough power right yeah
let's put it in what have you but that's
literally like saying every fight is a
one-shot fight no way why because a lot
of fights are one-shot fights but
there's never been a 18-hole game that's
played with 18 shots but there are hole
in ones so I can use a sea of them it's
never happened that was true the human
race I think the most they've ever done
in an actual real journalist - someone's
done - I think somebody bow I'd have to
look it up but uh yeah so one shot fight
that probably be you fighting me you
just hit me and I'd go down there's been
quite a few in that I've called one
punch in the beginning of the fight BAM
someone gets hit and they go down it
three or four in the history the Duane
Ludwig like six seconds first first
punch he threw that probably mean we
already talked about working out so yeah
you know go down pretty quick I can't
believe you've never worked out ever in
your life I really have it I mean and
just thinking about starting more like
just cardio and stuff I've turned fifty
in two months so stars puffiness you
know I am a little bit it's a weird
number right it's a weird number plus I
look at my dad and and you know he's 23
years old than me and and I'm like God I
got 20 years left holy shit yeah well
working out definitely holds off the
Grim Reaper a little bit oh yeah
keeps your body working better but it
takes effort you gotta be willing to do
it well like I said I just hope things
work out just hire a hot trainer hire a
check that's gonna you you'll be
motivated or embarrassed you'll be
embarrassed looking at me cuz what is
wrong with you she would have chicken
lifts more than you yeah well I'm sure
there's a lot of oh there's a lot of
them there's a lot of them around the
block yeah well right around the corner
is a giant fucking bodybuilding gym for
chicks hmm
for guys for everybody I mean it's just
savages I don't know I I like an
athletic build on a girl but I don't
know if I wanted to have giant muscles
and mmm yeah there's a point I wanted to
take bigger crunches than me right yeah
there's a there's a point where it gets
creepy there's like yeah roll over I'm
holding her from behind a little spoon
and I'm like oh is that you Joe
like veins right like veiny forearms on
chicks like something about some about
like veiny chest like a girl with a
veiny veiny pecs yeah no it's a mistake
they're not supposed to have pecs anyway
suppose that boobs yeah but they have
boobs
combined with packs that's where it gets
real weird when they have fake boobs but
they also have tech muscles now and you
can feel the muscles underneath the fake
boobs yeah
like this don't like water balloon
that's floating on top of a sinew yeah
just get a little too crazy now that's
one thing I do like about California you
know the the Southern California little
blonde with all the tattoos and you know
a little bikini on the beach what have
you take out those in Texas though not
as many they don't yeah we got them but
not as many I mean I'm on Instagram too
much this seems like every girl from
Texas on Instagram has tattoos all over
the place yeah but that's you know
there's 20 of them not oh right right
yeah out here this thousands there
everywhere go to like Venice Beach it's
hard to find a girl doesn't have a
tattoo that's unique these days that's a
real rebel yeah a girl with no piercings
and no tattoos
it's either rebel or boring yeah
probably both she's rebelling against
being exciting yes I think the girl
bodybuilder though what happens is like
people get into something and they
forget how weird it is for everybody
else so as they get deeper and deeper
into it they just want to excel at it
and they want to lift more weights and
you know they're trying to put more on
the squat rack or their deadlift in
their neck gets big and it and and I had
a girl that worked for it for a long
time that was real into she was like
this I don't know what competition she
does but it was body sculpting and stuff
it this girls over there measuring
florets of broccoli are to scale yeah
that's that's when they fucked up one oh
yeah oh yeah once they start measuring
their food and Counting their macros
like settle down once you're in some
gigantic competition cheers Cheers sir
yeah yeah fix them break out some
tequila for you in a minute
break it out man we have cups oh yeah
you brought cups to this this guy comes
prepared oh you have gas monkey tequila
get the fuck out of here you got your
own tequila dude can I get a gas monkey
t-shirt you have one I brought you all I
fucking love that logo get up what went
on right now I don't give a fuck look at
that whoo whatever
look at that Jamie huh palace yeah you
guys have like the whole apparel line do
we have everything I mean we've got
tools we've got a soft bath mat the
other day at like HomeGoods or something
and I'm like I don't remember approving
that is it for sure yours
it's a licensed product well that's part
of the thing right you guys came up with
a cool logo yeah and the monkeys you
know he's that lovable character that's
also a pain in the ass and kind of in
there messing stuff up all the time but
you can't shoot him cuz he's just that's
what he does yeah and what happened so
we did the gas monkey cinnamon tequila
this is uh it's cinnamon yeah it's a
hundred percent blue agave just swirled
with a little bit of cinnamon and nice
my kids got a soccer game after this I'm
gonna be fucked up
good times well salud good way to get
through the game yeah for sure mmm
that's actually good it's good stuff
don't tell Ron white but I think your
tequila's better he'll get mad really
mad at me he loves tequila we came up
with this because you know this is the
only tequila ever finds is made in
America really because you have to do
Jalisco you know real blue ghave
tequila is always at your mango from
Elise Co you get around that I ship it
in and tankers and then I do it here so
we're switching built our distributors
right are just distillers right now and
will be made in Texas so you can't grow
it in America you can't grow the agave
in America you could but a real tequila
just like champagne in France you know a
real tequila is always from Jalisco area
hmm and what have you
how where does that it's like Burgundy
right yeah he's from Roberto Berto
exactly a part of France but I didn't
know that's funny I didn't I guess I
guess I kind of knew that I didn't think
about that that's weird like this stuff
can make anywhere we're literally sold
out right now
yeah I took you to the troops we went
and did a deal with the PX exchanges on
all the bases in the world and they
wiped me out Wow and so we're we're
having to make him right now but
completely sold out everywhere that's
fuckin great
I had to borrow a couple bottles from
somebody that was hoarding them though
that monkey with the tongue hanging out
do you have that on the outside of your
garage do you get a bunch of looky-loos
if I know where you guys are
oh we do it on purpose we've got a
little spot where people come by and see
the cars we got a building there and
then we've got a Merck shop and inside
the merch shop you can go in the back
and there's like a party area where you
can have a I don't sell beer or alcohol
but you know gas monkey energy drink or
water and it'll be like you're in the
experience and Wow so you let people
just come on down and say hi ya know I
mean everybody can come by there's
probably we're on earth cam right now
I'll pull up earth cam gas monkey we can
see how many people are there do you get
stalked by weirdos because of the TV
show oh yeah you know what really
freaking sucks in Texas this is no
bullshit I didn't find this out until we
got stars
what really sucks um somebody comes on
my property they're weird and I got a
telling to leave you know where they're
aggressive or whatever and I get the
hell off the property get out of here
beat it for the next 24 hours I'm
responsible for them if they like if
they believe and get run over at the
corner or whatever because I made them
leave I forced them from the property
they're my responsibility what it
fucking sucks
so if a guy shows up drunk and you say
hey man you gotta get the fuck out of
here and the guy leaves and gets in a
car accident he could say hey they made
me leave Wow yeah you know so the drunk
ones I'll put them in an uber but I'm
talking about just the crazy ones you
know we've got a homeless problem in
Dallas it's starting to get to be about
as big as you guys are having here and
they'll wonder on your property and
we're like hey you got to beat it and
then if they go down the street gets hit
yeah you're responsible for their
medical bills can be it's a stupid
frickin law on a plant hospitality
what's I don't because I don't sell
alcohol but it's because I'm a business
and I've made them leave they came to
see me
and I made them leave they didn't leave
on their own accord so we have to call
the cops to get them to carry those
people out that's so weird
I went to Jay Leno's Garage and he's
telling me that uh you know Jay Leno's
Garage is not Jalen's garage it's Jay
Leno's 11 garages oh I know I've been
there I know so it's pretty crazy I mean
I knew that guy was a car nut but I
didn't know the magnitude until you go
and you see these eleven warehouse
buildings just full full cars he's got a
real problem no he's got a great problem
he's got a great problem I'm only up to
two buildings I needed to start adding
buildings how many cars do you
personally own it's hard to answer
because I own gas monkey and so we have
inventory I tell everybody I usually
keep between 50 and 60 cars that are
yours that are sort of for sale you know
so there's some things along yes man I
need that car anyway there's about ten
that I won't sell period what won't you
so I won't sell my Thomas Crown Affair
Mustang my Shelby what is that here 68
you could probably find a picture of
that on the net but it's a it's a remake
of the one they used in Thomas Crown
Affair with Pierce Bronson when he's on
the island and it's got all the I never
saw it it's all lifted on being ever
seen a Pierce Bronson movie dude Thomas
Crown Affair is a remake of another
Thomas Crown Affair movie and the
Mustangs just wicked cool so I had a
client a friend of mine had me build it
for him
good friend and I wanted the car of
course I couldn't afford it then we
didn't even have the TV show yet and so
I built in this perfect rendition 68
Shelby convertible Mustang we have good
riches on it raised it all up I mean
it's perfect California Cruiser and then
when I got the show I called him up and
I go hey can I borrow the car buddy
because I want stuff sitting around the
shop that that I built I don't want
other people's stuff here oh yeah man
just send the truck down to pick it up
this is three years later I send the
truck down it gets back the car's got 42
miles on it it's been sitting there
doing nothing in his garage
he's down in New Orleans so it's got
some of that haze and shit from the salt
air and back the gasses there it is
gasps it's bad wow that is really hot it
looks like you're going for wheeling in
that fucking thing what is going on with
the tire on the trunk
that's the spare I know but that's an
odd placement that's just how it was in
the movie really yeah Wow and godly am i
fat there or what is that you I don't
know I don't know that's not the one I
you somebody met that's that's another
guy's car some fucking it's just not
quite right
mine is more absolutely perfect to the
movie that's somebody else's rendition
of it but anyways I call my buddy I go
let me borrow the car etc kids say with
42 miles on it after three years it
doesn't run the gas is bad carburetors
all fucked off and of course I call
about go
you're a really shitty car owner I said
this thing is freakin bad as it looked
what you've done to it well he has a
considerable amount of money so the next
day the title shows up in the mail and
he goes you're right I'm a shitty car
owner cheers Jesus Christ it helps to
have a close friends that have a lot of
cash well you must like obviously like
you too
yeah we're real difference is easy he's
a bad motherfucker well I want to see
what it actually looks like without the
fat guy driving no disrespect fat guy
yeah because I could see where you know
if you don't work out at all how do you
stay thin cuz you're a thin guy I guess
metabolism I do eat right
I don't eat fast food but you drive I
don't do sodas I haven't done sodas or
anything like that in two decades but
how often you drink every day doesn't
that cancel out all the no sodas I don't
know I mean maybe says it doesn't have
as much sugar but I think you must have
like a beer drinkers metabolism you just
you know how to do it yeah it's it takes
a lot of practice to get it to this
point
your body's ready I'm ready for a fuck
to do it's like a marathon runner like
everybody can't run
you know fucking 15 miles a day but
someone who runs 50 miles a day can do
it yeah there's that's one thing was
just monotonous to me running my my
wife's a runner and I'm like that's just
silly like why do you want to get out
and go run 20 miles I don't run 20 miles
but I run hills I run four fours the
most I run but I run like pre steep
hills there's your car is that it the
one up that's the same fat guy right
there Jamie
I know it's there's a couple versions of
it and a lot of websites are Pumbaa
drops down to the one right below that
where you cursor out there is that's the
real one is that one right there yeah
that's the it's not zero and yeah
there's a nice car it's so much fun I
got a banging stupid sound system in it
so you know the rebar the whole deal
it'd be a great car to cruise around in
California what kind of engines you put
in that thing
just typical small-block it's a GT 350
so it's got a small block 302 and what
have you it's it's pretty fun time it
gets a lot of heads and then we were
talking about cars I wouldn't say I got
that I got a 52 Fleetline that was the
first car we ever built as gas monkey
garage what does a Fleetline I don't
even know what that is it's a you can
type in 52 Fleetline gas monkey
it's a the fastback version of of at 52
Chevy it kind of has the sloped back
some people call it a torpedo back look
at that thing
yeah not that one the picture on the far
corner yeah that's us and it's all
patinaed out and kind of you know low so
you kept it like that yeah that was the
original body we chopped it though and
it's got people love that like the
original patina doubt body like icon
does that they call them derelict that's
a good picture of a car yeah yeah yeah
yeah derelict
yeah and then we got a what else we have
I got a my first Ferrari I ever bought I
won't sell that as far as the first one
I ever bought for me what is it 599 GTB
2009 oh that's a nice car super good car
and you know then I had a couple other
fries but I'd probably sell those but
that one first one yeah I just probably
never will and just because it's like a
benchmark like you I'm a big proponent
and believer in forcing yourself you
know and so yourself it to want more to
do more to give yourself motivation a
lot of people just save and save and
save and I'm more like okay I'm gonna do
something that I probably shouldn't do
right now so that I don't know I
work hard to make sure I don't give it
up I'm with you yeah that's me I talk my
friends into that shit I talked my
friend Tony into buying a Corvette when
he can't afford it
yeah talk my friend Brendan about a gt3
RS yeah so it's the same thing I mean I
bought the car when I probably shouldn't
but the show was going and I was like
this will make me wear car though so ya
know it sits in the corner when I'm
doing it I get up in the morning I look
at it I got it I got to make sure that I
can afford that so let's go do it
dude I believe in that wholeheartedly
and people say you're ridiculous and I
go yeah exactly
well when I was young I was a when I
first got into printing and advertising
a shit I could barely make rent I think
I was buying my suits at you know a
resale shop but I would go to Neiman's
and look around and you know and and
think about what I was gonna buy it just
putting the motivation in my head you
know I guess there's a big movement now
with making your imagination board or
whatever well those people are assholes
yeah my shit just wanted real in your
head that I got that vision board yeah I
get it if you're 20 and you're doing
that you don't know any better
yeah my vision boards you know the old
poster the rock band with Leidner you
know it looks like a great mission yeah
that's the real vision board I yeah I'm
a big believer in doing this is what I
say to someone who can buy if you can
actually buy a Ferrari I'm like listen
man if you don't who will if you're a 18
year old kid and you got no money and
you said man find enough buyer to buy a
Ferrari oh god I'd be so happy I'd buy
that thing
well you should do it if you can yeah I
can you should do it and is it is it too
much money yeah it's definitely too much
money that's part of the whole part
point of the whole thing correct
yeah it's it's actually I use it more as
motivation yes I know
can't I afford this and if you if
tariffs have no you go well then I'm
going to I'm going to afford it yeah
figure it out exactly I feel that way
about everything
so do I that's been my mantra forever
it's people like oh you know you got
lucky you did this I work my fucking ass
off my whole life yeah well you
definitely got lucky didn't get hit by a
meteor you got lucky for a lot of things
well yeah yeah lucky you didn't get home
invaded you got a lot a lot of luck yeah
out of luck but I'll tell you your your
your past guest mr. Eli
must there he can't ruin it for us
because now we actually have a
possibility of getting in a car wreck in
space yeah you could get in a car wreck
in space because that cars just floating
around out there what if that car slams
into a fucking alien spaceship that's
coming to save us and Elon must just
frivolously shot that fucking thing into
orbit he did he just shot it up there
and they'd let him with a robot sitting
in the front seat you know we were
joking around about like what if that
guy in the front seat is actually a guy
who fucked his wife and he decided to
kill that guy and stick him in a fucking
spacesuit shoot him in orbit see I don't
get that why do you want to be mad at
the guy if he does that you got to be
mad at your wife I agree I'm with you on
that I'm with you on that so could it be
I wouldn't be mad if I came home and Adu
was banging my wife I would listen bro
you gotta go depends on what he looks
like - I mean if he's like Aquaman I
feel to her I tell her I get it yeah
sometimes you got to do that yeah but
exactly yeah oh we're going again we're
going again bro this doesn't this devil
sneak up on you again snuck up on since
the eighties it's so good though it is
good it's smooth I like the cinnamon too
yeah yeah yeah and it's a party drink
for a real tequila enthusiast though is
that like sacrilege is that like an
electric Mustang oh yeah but that's what
the monkey is always done yeah you know
it's like playing the golf thing I
decided to launch gas monkey golf
apparel why and so I'll be wearing my
golf shirt out there and it's it's
pretty crazy it's got a skull and all
kinds of crap or whatever but uh well
I'm pushing the envelope as the monkey
is our tagline is snapping tease and
filling holes now when you bring that to
the Country Club do people say sir that
attire is unforgiveable here oh yeah for
sure I've been thrown Country Club
plenty of time really and I've bought a
lot of golf carts because I've crashed
them because I thought was fun and that
thrown out of your own Country Club a
bunch of times really
what just raise it to myself you know
I'm the it almost like the old Ronnie
day Germany peace you know it's like sir
you can't do that in here it's like ah
I'm gonna do it twice Caddyshack
all-time exactly yeah now what did they
say to you just you know they usually
just take me home cuz you know live on
the course so they'll drive me down
there so you you have a house on the
course I did it I live downtown in
Dallas now but the worst one was I
decided to drive my Harley home on the
golf course 195s nah I stayed to the
cart path I'm not a complete asshole but
I did driving home about 1:30 or 2:00 in
the morning in my house is probably the
farthest house from the clubhouse and
that thing is freaking loud when you're
in that you know this trench of a golf
course right the cops were waiting on me
when I got on my hands but thank God
they were in the cops I was like you
can't do anything I'm going inside
fake golf course cops yeah yeah you know
the community cops community cops that's
adorable
I had a good one for you actually got
arrested at this country club well at my
house for I wouldn't say arrested cuz
they lit up let me go but they did come
cuff me and put me away
the we're coming home from a Christmas
Extravaganza which I do with my buddies
every year right before Christmas we get
a big garden pile in and we go Christmas
shopping for our families and what have
you
coming up I'm loaded I supposedly threw
a burrito from like Taco Bell or
something and hit the guard so there's
four three or four my buddies we get to
my house
we pig out on shitty Taco Bell food you
know until everybody passes out and the
next thing I know the cops lights are
are banging on the door get out here I'm
I come to the door gonna tell you I you
know you know after you've been drinking
you do a bunch of my food you're fucking
gone and so long story short they said
well you're gonna be arrested for
assault if you look at and say you're
sorry to this guy assault with a burrito
correct right and by the and so if you
charge a man with a salt because he
throws a burrito at you you should you
should turn in your card but it we watch
the tape it was not like throwing that
it's not like I've barreled him with a
baseball right here I like chunked it to
him to eat but he didn't see it coming
and so I like slapped even fell down so
they they cuffed me they take me down to
the guardhouse
yeah they put me the cop car cuff a cop
no these are real it's a real cop yeah
he filed a report and this is how stupid
it gets shame I fit I'm so freakin
loaded right and I get there and the
burritos still on the ground like it's
evidence or some shit and they're
telling me I gotta apologize to this guy
and all I can focus on is there's a
perfectly good fuckin burrito right here
I'm gonna eat this burrito so sit down
and literally start eating the burrito
oh god you're like please just tell me
you're sorry so you go back home okay
okay so I tell him I'm sorry I'm still
eating a burrito and they just left me
there like a mile from my house at the
guard shack do you see the guy since
then oh gosh now I was like dude that
was perfectly I mean back this was in
the days before the sprinters we're so
popular so it was like a stretch limo
which is you know you just really don't
ride it anymore and I was like that's a
hell of a shot I came out of the back
window 120 inches up to the front hit
the guy square the fucking chest I
should get a medal for that assault
that's kind of might be a plus in here
assault with a burrito is probably the
first time we've had that in here and
you're a little podcast room I
definitely think it's the first time it
seems like you just be able to say hey I
just threw it to you because I was drunk
I thought you were hungry that's really
what it was there's well I mean you can
hear it on the video going hey and it
was pretty ridiculous the guy got his
man card you ain't for sure yeah what
someone calls assault like how dare you
some people get beaten to a pulp and you
called a Taco Bell burrito flying your
way that thing cost a dollar ninety-nine
dude and it's barely meat we were going
over like how much of like there's a
ruling on how much meat it actually has
to be where you can call it a beef
burrito but there's fillers in that shit
like what is the filler it was like
silicone or something like that but it's
something ridiculous like 30
four percent of it is not actually meat
well that's why I mean that was ten
years ago yeah I just don't eat fast 80
percent for the Internet yeah it just
they could pretend it's me
well the cool thing Taco Bell now
starting to open all their ones up with
bars inside there
why yes well that's good for business
you know get people more drunks I don't
care what the food tastes exactly get
them all tanked up feed them some
burritos and send them on their way
I haven't eaten Taco Bell in decades
it's been since then you know it's wow
I've some real legit Matt because we're
in LA you're in Texas but there's legit
Mexican places near you I'm sure
oh yeah but like there's legit taquerias
here where you know you go in there
Mexican soap operas are playing nobody
speaks seeing no jealous you got a point
to shit and say thing you gotta roll
your R's lengua language quesadilla yeah
you gotta speak the lingo see I can't do
the linguist stuff that that's the
tongue right yeah I can't shit don't
ever have it know I'm tried everything I
mean man you gotta try elk tongue tacos
I just why for they're fucking delicious
so good
it's it's the most one of the most
tender meats you could ever have like
the most tender pot roast ever really
it's amazing if I never get a chance
there's a place right here on Canoga
like maybe a few miles away from here
how good is that place Jamie when I come
to California I'm not trying to get some
elk tongue I promise you well elk tongue
is in the freezer but the cow tongue is
what they have out here
yeah count that elk tongue is mine but
uh language Cassidy is you know you know
fuck about lengua taco now and I don't
do the whatever that milk drink is what
do they call it horchata yeah now what's
hot is rough cuz you know there's no
fucking safety standards with that no
one knows what's in there yeah it's like
really shitty eggnog and eggnog is
shitty it's at least six percent cheese
- for sure right depending on who's
working there
yeah and how disgruntled yeah do you do
cardio sada yeah yeah yeah yeah I've got
a I've got a couple of bars and
restaurants down in Texas and so we sell
a lot of tex-mex fusion tex-mex is a
different kind of flavor it's a thing
yeah like people that don't know
what queso is you know like queso in
Texas it's like a staple correct yeah
out here no one knows the fuck queso is
you say I wanna get some queso and chips
like what the fuck are you talking Danny
Trejo's does yeah okay so but I feel
like a real good legit at Lotus and I
would the corn with on the mayonnaise
and the sour cream in there yeah I could
get down on some of that for sure
Texas is a different fucking country it
really is well where I'm at now in
Dallas literally I can go to the corner
gas station and there's a lady there
just saw in the the corn off the cob and
the Styrofoam cup and squirts all the
crap in there and yeah I can make myself
sick on that stuff yeah yeah this I
wonder what Tex
why tex-mex is so much different because
there's no California Mac's right but
tex-mex is a y'all would never allow
that word to be said anyway California
max what doesn't we probably just pissed
off 72,000 people that's just a regular
podcast behind he said California max
try ordering lat
is Mexico asshole we stole it we stole
it from the Mexicans exactly yeah what
do you think about this wall bullshit
open it up pull it all those poor people
in here give them jobs I don't give a
fuck
tax it yeah III mean I don't want
criminals
I don't want criminals coming through
how about we filter out gang members and
criminals just I wish there was a way to
tell there was a way that say there's
not I wish there was a way to tell
whether someone's a piece of shit in a
criminal I wish there was and or
someone's just poor because there's a
lot of like for sure both sides are
right this is how I look in it for sure
the people that don't want criminals
coming in here or right for sure the
people that want border control to keep
out gang members and drug dealers and
evil people they're right 100% look I'm
I'm a fucking American taxpayer I have a
family I fucking salute right
I I believe in the law I believe in all
those things but also my grandparents
were immigrants all of them everybody
that I that is related to me came over
from Europe they all came over from
Italy and Ireland all of them they all
came over because their life sucked they
want a better place if someone walks
here from Guatemala they don't walk here
because they're lazy
yeah they walk here because they want a
better life this America is made for it
so I say little man
I say let him into but I wish there was
a better way to screen out the cunts if
there was a better way to screen out the
real shitty human beings to stop that
would be that would be ideal
we need a cunt screener a cunt screener
is the way to go tag that right doesn't
exist right now if any of my people are
listening make sure you buy that diet
that's the whole thing that all these
fucking government workers aren't
getting paid right now because of a wall
oh Jesus and there's a billionaire you
know Donald you believe in the wall that
much take 5 billion out of your fucking
account shove those shekels towards the
billion less do you have anything they
say he's got three but it's all paper I
think right it's Alex's like smug ones
and zeroes it's like his hair but you
know what we elected him so we gotta
deal with it
yeah yeah and in our case he was the
better choice oh he was a better choice
of this is why he's the better choice to
realize that our system is completely
hosed like that this guy could get in
there and build that wall lock her up
and everybody's like check it's it's
it's a good it's a good example of how
our system is the best best system in
the world for sure this whole experiment
and self-government is the best on the
planet Earth but without a doubt but
this guy it's not his fault that is who
he is but he exploited it he showed
everybody yeah he showed everybody the
holes in this fucking bumpy system I
know but it's he's a reality storm and
gonna be President one day you could you
and me that's right that's the ticket if
Logan Rawlings ticket we
we could win and I'm not bullshitting
you know we could win I could do that
dude they did some fucking Vegas odds
and they found out that I have better
chances of winning than a lot of people
that would be freaking rad yeah there's
like a whole like list of people who I
had better I want to see you're just
like throwing them out I got this but
you know I mean no one's gonna yeah the
most fun in that I'm having right this
second is not even in this room
so I'm managing my PR person her back
there is great waiting on me to fuck up
on talking about policy I don't have one
of those I don't know my manager is
awesome and my PR person is non-existent
so let's get round three going let's go
here we go salute sir salute America
America whoo I'm telling you just keeps
getting better
yeah it does keep getting better good
whiskey or tequila whatever the fuck it
is I forget now yeah I took politics to
the that is the one thing that people
say shouldn't talk about but I like
isn't that what helps us to talk about
it it's just that people are so
fragmented people fragment out
everything you say and they're like well
you know it's like it's like they you
said something but then they turn it
into this one little sentence going wait
a second he said these two descripted
averages and this fucking noun and this
verb and look at what he said he said I
was front screening yeah you heard him I
told my people to back cut screening
calm I don't know what I'm gonna do with
it but we're to use it well if we just
figure out a way to put microchips in
everybody well know where everybody is
and what everybody did and that way
we'll know if your cut throws burritos
B's a good guy 50 cars well a lot of her
for sale but we kept some pretty cool
stuff in there but I'm a big 32 Ford guy
so I've got all the 32 Ford's what is 32
for why does that one because that's
like two most guys like myself anyways
that's what started the hot rod movement
they were cheap they were
wonderful the guys came back from ww2
and you know they bought a $20 32 Ford
and it Stubbs v8 in it and that became
you know the hot rod scene and right
because like in 47 32 ford was like the
old used car that you can he bought that
thing for like 20 bucks and maybe even
ten or five you know now we're paying 50
for one that it needs everything what
was your first car my first car was a 73
Mercury Comet my first car was a 73
Chevelle well that's way cooler than a
piss green mercury comet I promised his
last I drove it from the guy I bought it
from I got it home and the next day the
engine blew that's operator error no
this is terrible I had a six straight
six-cylinder so it wasn't fast it wasn't
cool it was it was that pissed green
from the 70s and it was pea green
interior and you know the ladies didn't
like it and it had the squeaks and stuff
you know going I'd be pulling into high
school and going over the speed by was
like this is not cool at all but by the
time I graduated because I always worked
hard mode yards rake leaves whatever I
could do that was a hustler so by my
senior year I was driving at a 77 bandit
Trans Am now the ladies started paying a
bit more attention that's legit those
cars are still legit those Bandit Trans
Am that movie just revolutionized Trans
Am it revolutionized cars in movies when
you had Burt Reynolds on your car on
your show rather I have to say that I
got sad when I saw him walk out I was
like oh man that's Burt Reynolds bad
broken-down you know he was really bad
broken down at that point in time but
towards the end of his life he came back
kind of full circle he was a whole
different kind of person about a year
and a half two years later how I don't
know but he I don't know if he was just
going through a bad spot but towards the
end he was hip cool we did a lot of
different things together that you'll
see really you know and what happy but
the cool thing that not a lot of people
know in my office
I have the Hat the Hat with all the
feathers and the and what have you
his hat yeah so when I was filming at
his house
Burke comes out he goes hold on a second
I'll get you something and he goes in
comes back out and he goes I didn't
never know who I was gonna give this to
you as a fuck it's not that one it's the
one from smoking ban - but that is -
well fuck it too much he it's sitting in
there and I've got a picture of him
giving it to me and I had like man tears
I mean I had like madman my hair was
growing on my arms and stuff but you
know standing up and I'm like dude I
can't take that and he does oh you will
and a whole night okay until bertrille's
No and so it sits there as kind of a
memorial and it was a super cool guy and
he was really a car guy and but also he
there it is
and he was just I was giving you his hat
and all that shit yeah he was a badass
man I mean so he didn't have a cane at
this point in time so whatever was that
he must have some surgery or something
like that I don't think so I think he
was just frail at the time any recover
he was a yeah he was this was four years
ago maybe and now you know he just
passed away but uh he came around you
know he does the barrett-jackson stuff
with us and I've got a friend of mine
that owns company restore a muscle car
that does just TransAm type stuff and it
was cool
those Smokey and the Bandit years were
when I was in high school 81 I was a
freshman in high school I was 84 so I
remember watching those watching those
movies and and saying like this guy he's
like having fun
yes Milan and he was like he was silly
that's the secret to gas monkey I'm like
fucking having a blast it's not a big
fucking deal
um and and did you I mean look at all
the other ones that people don't talk
about a lot like Hooper or stroker ace
yeah you know not to mention cannon ball
and all the other ones I mean they were
literally a group of guys that kind of
took our over Hollywood for a small
period of time and just had a blast this
how good
time's yeah they're like a you know this
might be fun to go film this movie for
two weeks cross American fuck shit up
let's go to it I cook well he was just
silly
he was like always smiling and silly and
he had Jackie Gleason was the enemy like
come on man well you got Jackie Gleason
is the evil guy me you got a goddamn
great movie yeah its silliness I need a
dr. pepper
yeah and as Diablo sandwich make it and
it fast I'm in a hurry I mean it was
just I mean Jackie Gleason from The
Hustler is a bad guy in a cop movie you
know you sumbitch those are great fuckin
Sally Fields is the girlfriend I mean it
was just fuckin amazing man there you go
I love those movies man dude and getting
to shave and my goatee often and dress
like that and and do the show that I did
was absolutely like second to none I'm
like this is as cool as it gets you know
I'm done cool like that you do with that
card you sell it yeah we actually gave
it away on discovery oh really
yeah so somebody got it it's a good car
it was really nice car
great-looking car man god damn those old
those trans Am's
from that year that with the Firebird on
the fuckin hood god they're so ass heavy
though man
yeah dude you can't it doesn't matter
how good a driver you are that thing is
ass heavy it'll come around on you in a
heartbeat
chorus mine I bought my dad was actually
mad they said my parents told me that I
couldn't get it because they said they
couldn't afford the insurance and
everything and they didn't know I was
always hustling and doing stuff and what
have you so I just showed up in at home
one day with it and they were like we
told you I said I paid cash and I paid
for a years where the insurance up front
my dad's like where the fuck did you get
that money because how much money you
got so take him to a room I show you my
shoebox and he's like which is that's
more than I make what were you doing to
make that money oh dude I was I was a
hustler back then selling car stereos
out of my truck you know something
anything anybody would buy raking leaves
mowing yards I mean that's kind of a
geeky kid at the time
a little bit on the small side so I had
a lot of free time I wasn't exactly
banging the cheerleaders or anything so
I knew I just always kind of was a
hustler I wanted to make some money
and how to respect that he did he did he
was he was actually very impressed he's
like shy because he was we don't have
that much in our family bank account Wow
you know and I was like well that you
know and but my dad was is a phenomenal
dude worked three years you talk about a
good dad you know your dad and so my but
a good I mean my mom left when I was two
ditched my dad with me at two and my
sister at six or so and you know there's
the seventies so you would think that uh
had to be like that I'm gonna smoke this
weed and drive away but instead he
buckled down got got two jobs and worked
he worked two jobs pretty much my whole
life and provided for us and we didn't
definitely didn't have much but we had a
roof that we had food and shoe he's
still in contact with your mom now
they're not really you know but my mom
she lives down in Florida I'm sure she's
whatever she is but yeah she's a little
too much for me yeah the exact opposite
story oh yeah yeah my mom left my dad
when I was five and I haven't even
spoken a word my dad when I talked from
seven years old on no kid yeah well I've
actually I've kept up with my mom and we
talked about every two or three years
they reminds me of why I don't talk to
her anymore so you know good well I'm
sure if I met my dad would be the same
thing because I have a stepdad he's a
great guy I got real lucky yeah I had a
stepmom and it didn't turn out super
great but she did teach me a little bit
about math and you know how to how to
run books cuz she was basically a thief
at least learned from the exponent one
stepmom that's right
until I moved out of until I was out of
high school yeah then my dad went on to
marry like a series of super ly freaking
just effed-up individuals
he just started running through
and I was like dad sorry any of them
yeah and about people to get married
like five six seven times I respect that
this is what I respect I respect people
that keep fucking swinging yeah even
though you go down and the fifth you
know you get back up and you go down the
six to go down the seventh they're just
like still party you know my dad was
like that it was like come on out I'm
getting married you know he had one wife
that one time I get there for like
family Christmas on neither Christmas
Eve or whatever it's like going to the
dad's house with the young kids and
what-have-you and we get there and she's
all doped up on and you know whatever
pills were popular at the time and she's
like hey come on yeah before throat when
she's crawling around the floor and
trying to take off her clothes the whole
family sit there like what the hell is
this dad and so now he's uh he's in an
Alzheimer's home but but uh yeah that's
the part about that scary about turning
50 but he's like in there nail in all
these chicks he's like making out with
some girl with a nasal cannula and
carrying her oxygen bottle and he's
convinced that they've been married for
a few I have a bit of my act about the
outbreak of STDs and
zhang's it's out of control viagra oh
it's not only just that these people I
mean I mean my dad has really advanced
Alzheimer's and he knows that he misses
his Mustang I took all his bicycles away
and I need to get laid that's it I mean
and he's in there just running around we
got called my sister and I take care of
my dad in that manner and so we get
called to the home almost like being
called the principal's office as a
parent and they're like your dad's
literally in here fucking everybody
[Laughter]
literally had the feeling of getting
jinked in there to the to the
principal's office like your kids fuck
up your dad's fucking but you have to be
proud what is here what are you here
that's my point that's what I say about
him in my acts like come on man how do
you want these people died out what
they're hard to stop with they're
playing bingo yeah yeah have a good time
just don't let them hurt each other
we'll see I mean that I'm in the
healthcare business also home health
care and you are so I know yeah I've got
a lot of different ventures but but what
do you in how are you in the home health
care business home health care with with
my wife we 16 17 years maybe longer so
in the state of Texas it's probably the
second or third largest home health care
but I'm talking a real home health care
like you got to get shots you got to get
therapy you got it these are our ends
that are going in they're not so you go
in to bathe grandma but what is your
business you so you you hire a bunch of
nurses to take care of the litter at
home yeah it's prescribed like through
Medicare or insurance or whatever
to where maybe somebody gets a knee or a
shoulder replacement or maybe it's a you
know injury or cancer or what have you
and so it's a very rewarding business we
probably have 3,000 to 3,500 3,018 time
that's all the state of Texas that's a
man and so it's it's it's a fun business
to be and that you're really getting
help people but at the same time to see
that there's crazy these guys are
they're getting after it you go into the
nursing home and it's like dan do the 78
year old twos had more ass than I had
last week yeah why not why not my
thought is why not well I bought my dad
you know he's got his room that's kind
of like an apartment or whatever and I
bought him stripper sheets all right not
stripper sheets but a twister twister
sheets with the Hobbit red and blue and
I hung a board thing up behind his bed
I'm like dad if you're getting after you
might as well have fun I mean fuck bingo
or freaking whatever
so when because he has Alzheimer's does
he
remember when he did so after it I think
it said he's just so focused on his he
was kind of what would you call him a a
constant if it was my dad got some
serious-ass my whole life as a teenager
I was like goddamn it my dad's like
banging everything well yes when your
wife leaves you with kids when you're
young you just realized okay forget
about this long-term shit yeah let's
just enjoy the moment yeah but I mean my
dad was straight up product of the 60s
and 70s you know so he he like put dyes
hair blonde in his eyebrows blonde and
shit walk around looking like Matthew
McConaughey from Dazed and Confused all
right all right all right driving his
Mustang you know he pick me up from
school
what kind of one-sided yeah back then it
was like a 72 fastback you know red and
black with a four-speed and he'd be
hammering it and I'm like you know five
six years old just I'd fall on the floor
because nobody wore a freaking seatbelt
back then right and his idea
after-school care was the skating rink
because he'd near that thing he'd be
open till 9:00 so drop us off I'm at the
skating rink eating in 99-cent corndog
meal and he'd come pick us up usually
around 10:00 or 11:00 with some irate
skating rink owner sitting there pissed
off he was a badass up is a bad I still
I mean he's nailing chicks in a freaking
nursing home come on
[Laughter]
it's so weird when you become an adult
isn't it oh yeah you know when you think
about oh oh round four no we got a drink
what for maybe we're all accessor
Raymond Rawlings Raymond Miller Rawlings
baddest motherfucker that ever lived
salut for sure I mean I'll guarantee we
got more ass than you and I did this all
week I believe it
he's freaking probably banging one right
now yeah it's like hey what's that noise
the back sounds like my son plus the the
goal is like or the bonus rather is that
they can't get pregnant you got that
yeah I mean it's over yeah well I mean
that's that's not happening but you
can't still get some diseases yes and
they do yes they do but the thing is
where they get in them well somebody has
and then the next thing you know all
hundred people in that building have
done it right but did they have it
already or they getting it from the
building now they had it already
they had it already so you dealing with
herpes are you dealing with like the
real weird ones like syphilis and
gonorrhea and shit
there's syphilis and gonorrhea is like
hey you got to treat this where are you
getting this oh no it's it's it's
prevalent it's everything right but the
question is like are they getting it
from outside sources maybe maybe I mean
who knows yet that unfortunately they
just had the baby you know that's been
invalid for 20-something years that's
crazy
somebody doctor 2007-2011 chlamydia
infections amongst Americans 65 and over
increased by 31% and syphilis by 52%
yeah but that the problem with that is
52% right okay let's say there's a
hundred cases and then the next year
there's a hundred and fifty all right
that's 52 percent no that's not big tens
of that hundred millions yeah my dad's
probably and they're going come on baby
I'm gonna buy some chlamydia though I
don't like the percent because if
there's there's four people and then the
next year there's six that's 50%
increase I'm saying I don't like numbers
like that because you could make oh my
god it's an epidemic I want I want I
want numbers like human beings yeah well
I'm sure it's out there on the web but
like I said my dad's probably thinks
chlamydia is a flower he's given he's
giving this girl I'm gonna get you some
chlamydia and we're gonna have a good
time yeah there's no condoms in nursing
homes you know we got worse 3,000
reported cases of chlamydia among people
45 and older
okay but I'm 45 and older that's normal
45 and older people are walking around
meeting new people in thei 43,000 seems
like a very low number super low that's
what I'm saying
that's why I don't like these percentage
numbers gonorrhea had C from doing this
podcast all these years I understand
when people can make things seem greater
than they really are go back to that
James do you have your AARP card
someone set one to us to me an ordinary
to the the comedy store but I think that
was some asshole put down the sounds
well yeah primary and secondary syphilis
5650 cases were reported in this age
group it was 45
the thing about 45 and older is 45 year
old people in 2019 it's not like 45 year
old people in the 60s a little these
animals are out there fucking hitting
the gym and doing squats and flying a
tile and they're probably getting it
from the sweat on the gym bitch they
could get staff yeah I know a lady who
almost died from staff from the gym she
ignored she had some weird rash on her
leg and no one told her that it was a
staph infection and she she went into
shock and had fucking seizures geez some
staff and she's 36 37 she's fucking
she's my wife's friend that's crazy art
shit yeah I want that dark dark staff
from a gym I don't know what that's why
I don't go to gym I'd sweat tiller by no
staff you got getting it you go to go to
the gym dress like a superhero you gotta
work tights
[Laughter]
zero there spray and all that all the
chemicals everywhere yeah like - guns -
spray guns in each hand of alcohol Shh
everything no I like the spray gun with
alcohol but it's one lives Aquila and
one did do some fucking chin-ups one of
the mouths yeah I've got staph twice
from jiu-jitsu oh yeah yeah ringworm
three times at least staff twice and
they'd be wearing once it's rough
ringworms okay but ringworm is basically
athlete's foot nose yeah more or less
yeah you know you piss on your feet to
make athlete's foot go away yes
yeah girls go what cuz girls can't aim
with their piss no the kid I can help
him girl mom this new padded I'm just
coming up with this gas monkey funnel
remember the fundal thing that that they
came up with this you know yeah there is
a thing that girls can use they stuff in
there
that they can pee standing up I just
think that's probably not very sanitary
well urine is not really unsanitary it's
not really that bad it's not not a
dangerous thing pooping it's not like
Sheldon shower maybe they haven't well I
wouldn't be scared of it not scared of
piss their coat miss Rogan this is dope
H illegit oh this is the thing about
jiu-jitsu you're so used to dudes
sweating on you like cuz you're always
like yeah my sweating like there was one
time this is one time that I was I was
rolling with a friend of mine and he got
on top of me mounted me and he was
sweating in my fucking face like his
chest sweat was dripping in my face and
we were laughing about it I was like
dude what the fuck you're sweating in my
mouth basically this is starting to get
weird well it's just part of like
learning how to kill people
and deal with the reality of training we
run for Texas we just use guns no that's
not true there's a lot of jujitsu
schools in tech I'm looking up stats on
the STD thing for older people and this
has an article I found that only 5% of
adults are using Medicare to take the
STD test so I could be like suck it up I
was in Vietnam yeah come on it's just a
rash yeah I mean the thing is like who's
trying to stop these people why stop
those people they're gonna die let them
get ass drop them I'd be going in there
and passing out all kinds of Lube and
toys and what after yeah meth no I
wouldn't do that why not I don't know
man try it if you're gonna try math you
try when you 90 yeah that's an easy way
out well it's not even a way out it's
just a way forward well no I we gave
these ladies and my family weed for the
first time when they turn 88 years old
they're never done anything to begin
some brownies Wow and we told don't
don't eat all the brownies at once just
eat a little bit wait an hour
like I feel Beauvoir they're like well
we're trying it we don't feel anything I
don't feel anything we don't feel
anything next thing you know it's like
only an hour later and they've hit the
whole pan
now they think it's the greatest thing
since sliced bread like just bring
brownies yeah yeah Thanksgiving dinner
yeah just bring brownies bring brownies
and they just like melt with the
universe wheat is tricky in Texas though
right yeah it's not legal yet it's gonna
be right here I got that Elon Musk
trouble weed what is that this is a this
is what's called a blunt
to back on the outside in marijuana on
the inside Aniruddha car dropped Tesla
stock six percent one day oh my my
manager and PR person out there are just
literally shitting their pants right now
but it's legal what's legal here right
yeah there you go
mmm I believe in the law it's 100% legal
it is a hundred percent who's the dude
that Oh Mike Tyson just brought you some
of his weed is that how it comes this is
the box of death and life right here
well Mike Tyson's box of death in life
yeah look at that this is how hard Mike
Tyson rolls look at the size of these
fucking joints he gave me I know the
camera's not gonna be able to follow me
but I'll be right back ladies and
gentlemen look at this shit
look at the fucking size oh that's just
insane that's dude that's you bro I
can't take that I can't take it with you
on the plane how do I get on the plane
then you just think thinking you'll
appear in the seat four seats that's the
key I would recommend anything more to
mats enough for me yeah he gave me these
joints that would make you think about
people he fingered in high school and
want to fund my Facebook and apologize
this is just what is that that's a
goddamn cigar of marijuana that's
outrageous Mike Tyson has a whole ranch
he has a putting this new one he has
this uh Tyson ranch he's growing
marijuana and he's gonna have a like a
resort destination where he's gonna have
like fitness class is it like tiptoe
through the tulips exactly he's um he's
got a place down in Palm Beach where it
was it Palm Springs Palm Springs Palm
Springs Palm Beaches in Florida Palm
Springs California out in the desert
they're developing this enormous
property where they're gonna grow weed
and they're also gonna have this huge
place where people can go and have this
resort like a weed amusement park yeah
literally they're gonna have concerts
there like Coachella type events what do
they call it the push fest or some shit
they're not fucking around the people
people behind it have deep pockets and
they're going hard because what what
people have seen in Colorado and people
are starting to see in Washington State
now in California is this enormous
amount of money involved in marijuana
like crazy ridiculous silly profit if
you're doing it and you're taxing it and
you're doing it responsibly that's the
way I look at it it's no different than
go to the store to buy a beer you
asshole can buy too much beer and do
something stupid we've had four shots in
an hour on a radio show yeah but I have
a driver I have a driver that's good I'm
gonna do it responsibly that's right I
mean Onan Onan addict I lend company in
bars and restaurants you kind of have to
yeah it takes the fun out of it because
I'm a driver I'm a car guy everything
else but yeah but be responsible always
be responsible and you know the thing is
also if you're a person who likes fun
like wait what are you trying to stop
fun
like if someone's to smoke a little weed
have a little tequila drink a couple of
beers you should as long as people are
being responsible yeah I don't see a
drastic difference between alcohol or
marijuana as long as you're obeying the
laws being responsible I'll pay any
taxes yes
all right 100% agree I also talked about
it this way imagine if all the people in
the world were you me and Jamie and if
Jamie had decided that he he thought
that we
criminals and we're not allowed to drink
alcohol anymore Jamie's getting
installed prohibition in our small
community he'll be ridiculous
maybe like fuck you man well that's
literally like the government telling
you you can't do mushrooms or the
government telling you you can't smoke
weed like it's just a grown man telling
other grown men they can't based on what
it's not based on what we voted on like
if people really knew the information
involved in like the safety of marijuana
there's a freak you out yeah of course
it does does it make you paranoid yeah
100% but does alcohol make you an
asshole fuck yes it does oh yeah but do
I think that everybody should have all
of it CBS rejects soon based on the
benefits of medical marijuana well in
their defense there's probably a bunch
of people our stockholders and there's a
lot of decisions that are made that are
made by lawyers I just want it just
before people get angry about something
that CBS decides to do you have to
understand the CBS is responsible for
the employment of untold thousands of
human beings they're gonna have Bud
Light ads right next to this they will
or whatever yeah they will they will but
blood lad blood light ads are not gonna
affect anyone's bottom line I don't
agree yeah yeah I don't agree but I just
want people to understand that part of
the problem is that the business aspect
of this has not been fully established
once it's fully established CBS and all
these people are gonna realize it isn't
any different than Bud Light it's not
any different than anything you can get
fucked up on Bud Light if you just drink
20 of them you can have fucked up you
could walk into trees what you do it on
you know cough medicine or what else
anything I mean how many pharmaceutical
drugs can you get fucked up on and do we
deny that some people have like serious
injuries benefit greatly from pain pills
no they definitely do the thing about it
all all is you got to be honest and let
people form their own opinions and part
of being honest about about these things
is telling them the pros and the cons
everything is a pro and a con including
hold people banging it out in nursing
homes
I'm getting chlamydia you know it's not
good that the the pro in the car is my
dad's a pro banging old ladies a nursing
home but the con is he's probably got
some stuff on his little wiener down
there pass into biological footballs but
he's not getting pregnant yeah he's not
getting pregnant no one's getting
pregnant and listen folks people get
colds they get the flu all sorts of
weird things happens when people Corral
around other people what are we supposed
to live like John Travolta and the boy
in the plastic bubble and fucking lock
ourselves and hermetically sealed
chambers and never touch each other
again get the fuck out of here that's
true just take your penicillin get it
off that's what Napoleon did walk it off
Gladys yes I think I think you might
have given him a thing or two just hit
the massingill you'll be good I wonder I
wonder who's delivering these venereal
diseases it's like that would be
fascinating if we found it was like
primarily women it was like 78% of women
are the original source of the venereal
disease well they pulled the Apple down
right I don't believe that happened I
think there was a bitch-ass man who
blamed it on the chick when I heard that
Adam and Eve story I was like yeah right
maybe Adam was a bitch maybe he blamed
it on Eve and he wrote he was the guy
who could write so he wrote things down
cuz I gave her your blood and do shit oh
listen listen he probably ate the Apple
first I probably gave it to Eve you know
history's went written by the winners
this is correct
and a lot of women just they let that
shit go just like let him talk yeah
write down then I ate the Apple fuck you
and he's like fuck you yep Adam and Eve
I don't see Adam and Eve having that New
York accent where they held and get it
New York was it there yet I feel like
Adam and Eve would talk like British
people because any time they have a
movie where people talk like old-timey
whether it's gladiate or whatever
everyone talks with an English accent
you ever notice that like if we have to
write if we have to there's like the
suspension of disbelief like we don't
know Latin they're talking Latin who the
fuck knows that sounded like right so
when when you watching some old-ass
movie about people talking lat
speak English but they'll speak it with
an English accent right they'll only
speak proper they always have some weird
old-timey way whatever watch the movie
otherwise right but you're right but why
is that because it's got to make a
watchable that's why they ruin stories
what two English people is that played
out like Eleanor's are played out to him
do you know absolutely like two English
people they hear that accent every day
that's a normal accent but to us it's
like oh this is like an old-timey
language by Russell Crowe talking like
he's from fucking London this is
bullshit
yeah it is I got a friend of mine big
Chris and he likes to say well we
invented the English language and now I
can't he fucked it up
yeah you guys made it so that people
don't understand it that's stupid that's
not smart we made it better we really
did Matt rebuttal to me was oh yeah well
somebody from your town still trying to
be a rapper
in their defense though they will always
say to you like yeah but listen you guys
respect our language more than you
respect yours and it's true like
American English is not as respectable
as English English because that's why
they use those English people to sell
like late-night mops and shit right
honey did they do
fucking nonstick frying pans it's always
some man with a proper accent look at
this I can just fry these eggs and they
slide right onto the plate I'm gonna
throw a bag of nickels in there and
scratch it up nope not a scratch if that
was a guy from Jersey that was selling
you that you'd be like look at this
asshole trying to lie to me about his
bullshit frying pan right and his fuckin
shitty mop but something about like
English accents get us for sure they
have a better they have a more
respectable version of our language but
our sounds better you could say it
easier I understand it they understand
us we don't always understand that that
was literally just on a phone call with
a lady in Europe before I got in here
and I couldn't understand a word she was
saying the thing is though here's where
I'm wrong here's where I'm wrong they
understand each other
they fucking they'll tell start I was in
Belfast Northern Ireland which is you
might as well be in the canteen
scene in Star Wars these motherfuckers
they barely speak English they speak
English for sure they understand each
other a hundred percent but to me I was
talking this guy and he was drunk out of
his fucking mind we were drinking dark
beer just me and this dude this is like
early 2003 early UFC FC in Dublin on all
I remember this guys had how to fight
any man he was hammered
how difficult or am a showman right now
he said to him he was making perfect
sense
all I caught was I'll fight any man this
motherfucker might have said that a
hundred times
I just kept buying drinks hammered with
me and some dude from with Belfast we
understood like 20 percent of what each
others was saying you got to use the the
translate thing on your phone it
wouldn't work I had fight any man Oh
what is this quarter you're saying who
you want skip to kill this guy's selling
ever to fight me you need to say me
you'll be skipping is to kill to the
hospital if he put knowledge in a
pesticide to see to you I can I'm
finished with if you come out and fight
video pauses now imagine being hammered
post UFC event trying to mingle what the
locals were drinking dark beer and
whiskey there's maybe 30 people around
me that are yelling like that and I'm
talking this dude so all the people
around me who are you like a drunk
no one knew no one knew would anybody
next to him saying everybody's loud and
hammered and this guy is fucked up and
he's telling me this how to fight any
man and like okay you go fight him we've
we've pulled up this video before that
exact guy an old video a long time ago
what is this one this is really old you
talking about this Oh me tell me about
this guy that's hilarious
[Laughter]
on the background did you hear it
yeah oh there's a dam I had a beard back
then that's the same guy that's
hilarious
now that's like pikey language right the
first video I pulled up to study was
from I think I typed in Belfast or
something but here's the thing here's
where I'm wrong they fucking understand
each other a hundred percent they
understand every word they say so wrong
I just I'm just not in that environment
what you got it and you'll get it it's
got a flavor though they have a flavor
that we don't have right it's a dark
old-world flavor
hey listen mate that's a fucking dude
who just came over on a boat and he's
shooting arrows at people they kept that
same language and they're always looking
a fight how to fucking fight I'm Reggie
I'm sure you get a bunch of that shit
I'm a pretty friendly guy
so most most of that stuff I don't get
the guys that I get are people that want
to be like professional fighters okay
and they want to just talk about it a
little bit they're always very friendly
you'd be amazed like people that aspire
to be professional fighters are some of
the nicest fucking human beings you're
ever gonna run across because they've
they've figured out their own ego
through competition to the point where
they're not really they're not they're
not worried about like putting out an
image they know who they are correct and
they're like real friendly like some of
the nicest people that I've ever met
ever or professional fighters that's a
weird thing for fuel to hear but I think
that for men
there's something about trial through
combat and just just just being
understanding like what what it's like
to overcome like insurmountable
obstacles for the average person just
make some kamar there's a different kind
of human they're more chill
they are my hot my hairdresser for 15
years been cutting my hair you probably
don't have this problem yes he's a he's
a bald haired and he's a fighter and you
trust him I wouldn't use over there were
those muscles of shit like hacking away
with my head I'm like this is not really
trustworthy at all yeah there was a
video
that someone showed me was it you did
you show me Jamie some of the the the I
didn't even ask you what it was first
the that's how drunk we are someone took
a phone it had a sound like a hair
cutter and and they read it by people's
head yeah like they run away and people
freaked out on them there's nothing
wrong with that they've running up the
back of a girl's head it's good
practical joke but I mean it'd be way
better with a real razor so mean it
would be but that's a that's a big deal
for people can be cutting off their hair
yeah I've always wanted to shave my head
at least once in life and I never have
it just get a crew-cut you're beautiful
man
No thank you perfect shaved head you get
a nice thick head of hair yeah I know
but you know contractor crap they tell
you got to keep the same style man
continuity really which I kind of call
continuity because it's like do these
people really believe I just did this in
an hour or was it over the course of a
few days it's okay well I always tell
them like what what do y'all think as an
as producers or networks and whatever
how bad I think the American public is I
mean how unintelligent that you have to
do a scene where I just walked in your
door and sat down here and put on my
headphones and then they flip - you know
me over somewhere else going yeah so I
walked in the door and put on my
headphones it's so insane and it's like
it's like the recipe it's like you
happen to tell them everything you do
and then I set up for the shot and I
have to walk out the door they're like
well the audience won't know where you
came from
it's my fucking shop I'm here what do
you mean how do you they do or they
won't have any idea that we so confused
it's insane and I've tried so hard to
change the recipe a little bit I
understand you have to do certain things
but why do you have to tell the audience
what they just saw period yeah really
not stupid
if you make them stupid you can make
them stupid you'd never challenge them
ever I think that as a society we might
be on our way to that what what was that
show idiotic yeah because I argued all
the time I love my show and I love what
we do but I'm like why do I gotta come
out of the door put my headphones on and
then go so I got there and I put my
headphones on was unbelievable
especially after I came through the door
oh I'm so fucking stupid but they've
always done it that way
and I think of it it the same way I
think about CBS and their medical
marijuana ads there's like a bunch of
people that are just trying to protect
jobs they're just like we're gonna make
it easier easier for people to know you
can't have anything left to chance with
the kind of filter numbers well they
think it's such a bad thing that they
can't show that commercial but at the
same time we're selling boxes they say
this will kill you yeah exactly and
people are buying them yeah why do you
think they still break up shows with
commercials wouldn't it be more
effective if they didn't do that it's
just a monetization problem I'm sure but
I think you could get a little more bang
for your buck by having this episode
bias so insane yes a hundred percent not
only that I think they instead of having
like two or three ads every you know
five minutes or whatever they make it do
how about you just have a couple of
product placements correct show and have
them cost more exactly yeah well you put
in the then you got to put it into the
recipe so some guy like us it's car guys
that are watching the show and holy shit
he just bought that Porsche and then it
goes commercial looks like I'm getting a
beer and I'm gonna sit back down on the
couch and in the next five minutes it's
been going so I went to LA and I bought
a Porsche exactly and the only reason we
have to do is you imagine the people are
coming in you know from these brakes
they just jump it in in the middle of it
a night
they might be doing that how about make
them figure it out correct figure it out
bitch well figure behind it they need to
get rid of the Nielsen hole bullshit I
mean real they're still counting cable
boxes and and are they even counting
cable boxes and I did anything to have a
Nielsen box right so it's not even like
a exact there's only like a few thousand
or whatever and then they decide what
the rating is and it's like are you
kidding me because I'll see you my
ratings and I'm like I don't know it was
more than that
so I own a social media company I'm like
oh yeah I wonder how they do really know
and whether they just accept the fact
that even if they don't know the real
numbers at least they have a reliable
percentage that everyone can agree on
the problem is everyone agrees on it
they'll
set their advertising rates based on
that agreement yeah more or less but the
the real ideology of it is we have the
access because all these devices and
everything else to have the real number
right like the real real number but
everyone have to give it up right like
Verizon would have to give it up and
then I want to give it to each other and
they want to say yeah I think they just
need to remap the program and so they
can really see how many people there are
because right now in the industry people
think the viewers are way down and I
actually tend to disagree I think
they're up just the way that we count
them are bad it's definitely not good
because I've never been counted never
fucking filled out a nielsen thing I've
never used the Nielsen box I don't know
anybody who has I need to do I yeah I
met I meant one boy who'd once it said
that his brother was like can you find a
picture of a Nielsen box exist like you
know that DirecTV has some numbers right
they must have some salted oh hell yeah
they got numbers down to the way why
wouldn't they know even if they're not
using it as some sort of a rating system
that affects the ratings of a television
show you would think that they would
want to know how effective their product
is if you can measure that why wouldn't
you measure that and they've just never
changed it they really do need to though
it'd be way cool if they did I would be
weird be weird if she found out what
everybody was watching what if like
Keeping Up with the Kardashians like a
billion people in episode most of the
world is going what the fuck yeah
exactly
I'm actually the world is still it looks
at him because what the fuck yeah but
what if most of the work what if you
know more like what do you think is like
the the biggest disparity has got to be
it's got to be satellite and cable right
because they don't they're not allowed
to measure those the mobile phone thing
like mobile phones are they say Netflix
like specials like comedy specials they
said 40 something percent of people Plus
watch them on their phones yeah I mean
I've started to watch everything on my
iPad my phone I don't really watch TV
anymore
I watched the UFC on my phone on ESPN
Plus
I was like wow this is crazy I'm
watching live fights on my phone with
like a regular connection not not Wi-Fi
this is a weird time yeah and remember
when we were younger we spent you know
thousands of dollars for the giant TV
you in the box yeah
it had the projectors well the thing
about the phone is this kind of selfish
it's like personal look if you're
watching a movie on your phone that's
just you watching that movie yeah yeah
you can't like sit next to your wife and
watch a movie on your phone
no one's gonna deal with that even if
you're on a plane that would suck
exactly but watching a fight on the
phone is like it's way less interesting
than watch it on the big screen but you
could take it everywhere so eventually
they're gonna get that into some large
thing like a hologram or some shit
that's what I or augmented reality it's
not going to be wrong too much longer
before they're doing all the AI yeah
augmented reality I think is really
what's what's interesting to me well it
Netflix doing something with that right
now that want to know they have out
where you can pick the different endings
oh yeah yeah sure black mirror show yeah
yeah go back to that article Newark is
the same an example of one I was gonna
say like that
so the TVs are there have been known to
they would like screen they watch what's
on your screen and send that data back
to a database based off of like
everything that's currently live on TV
the same thing happens with audio
streams right and Shazam or like there's
a couple different companies that do
that so they sell your data
yeah then so then they'll sell that back
to advertisers sort of like the same way
what's happening with some of these apps
that's how that that's how people found
out that companies are tracking you
because third-party companies that are
selling that data once they have it
because they don't they don't need it
for everything see the problem with
specific piece the problem with this
kind of shit with people is that that's
not what the agreement was the agreement
wasn't that you tell people I'm watching
the agreement was I buy a TV from you
that was the agreement like when you say
oh we're gonna sell the data from the
people that are watching your TV like
okay well yeah but your cable yeah
guarantee is buried in your cable deal
yeah we could keep it as a South Park
have a bid on that host humancentipad
thing when
the Terms of Service like no one's
reading it but you're agreeing to
becoming I haven't seen that episode Joe
could be coming everyone good thing so
what how's it go I'm sorry like just
just agreeing to the terms of service
like you don't know what you're doing
and like the joke on that was that your
agreements you become okay centipede I
never saw human centipede either well
yeah yeah they're gonna get us in weird
ways but they're just trying to find out
who's watching what the thing is like
should your TV be able to just watch you
just be able to like have a line on what
you're watching because I know people
now that just use Netflix and they don't
have anything they'd have an internet
connection that's hooked up to their
television television connects to
netflix automatically it's like one of
the native apps yeah but if you're
connected to the internet you're getting
watched you know is what most people
would say I'm so paranoid about it I
have a little piece of duct tape on my
camera on my iPad good move yeah good
move I don't need that on there but the
thing is it's like yeah but why you
selling data
what's the buyer yeah but why are you
allowed to just collect data from people
it's pretty much in the contract you
sign I guess it literally there should
be two prices this should be one where
you're allowed to collect data you can
collect data from me but it cost like 50
bucks more a year and the other one
where you know you can't collect my data
I have to pay a little bit more money
that's like that's kind of happening
there are like apps you can use that'll
track how many how much you're walking
in exchange for letting them letting you
turn on that they'll give you stuff
right out like whatever you know if it's
useful you I don't know what are you
talking about like if you walked by
McDonald's they can serve you up with
McDonald's ad first for sure oh shit
yeah well that's the ultimate goal right
it's to figure out where you are and
target you with something yeah yeah so
my friend Adam Greentree was on here and
we were talking about he lives in
Australia and he lives he got he travels
like deep into the outback where it
takes her three days to drive in and I
said everybody has Toyota trucks because
those fucking things never break they
don't they don't and so he gets ads all
of a sudden out of nowhere on a
phone every time he goes to a website
that says Toyota trucks he's like what
the fuck he goes I didn't Google it
doesn't cut cookies well it's it's kind
of called cookies but it's not something
that came from a search it's something
that came from something in his phone is
listening we we said the word Toyota
trucks it registered it and it added it
to his queue of his so many men I just
said Katya listening so many messages
from people that brought the other day
what are the signs messages like you
guys mentioned do they think it's real
say X and like they started getting
served ads for that like I said I just
said comitia try to buy stock it's like
he's got so much chlamydia we're gonna
sell him all the penicillin but it would
be smartest my assistant just said just
bought stock in Clemente Streeter calm
we actually gas monkey actually owns
cuts greener calm now well yeah that's a
border the border walls of fucking tough
questions so it is a certain amount of
people are just gonna be Maddie you
fucking cooks once go over then suck all
those mercs can Dirk's shut about that
some people are gonna get they're gonna
get there they're gonna get angry
I might go down and chasing Latino
ladies for sure it's uh you know such a
hot hot fucking topic but that's that's
also you know if you open yourself up to
comments well somebody brought one up
the other day that was a you know a
general discussion question and it said
you know why don't we just do DNA let's
say here born we take your fingerprints
we take everything else we check y'all
out won't we just do the DNA and I get
the privacy part of it for later on but
at the same time you're solving a lot of
problems was very beginning okay this
person just came out of here and they've
done nothing right so now if they ever
do anything we know they're to go shoot
him in the back of the head well we
certainly could do that but we would
have to place a gigantic priority
getting the very best people in law
enforcement you would have to eliminate
all shithead
you'd have to pay those cops way more
and treat them with the respect that
they deserve as people that literally
are protecting you from violent
criminals that was what I know yeah I
mean I'm a huge supporter of cops
I've been around cops most of my life
because of martial arts I know a lot of
cops and this is a weird issue with
people where they they fuck the police
know if you're saying fuck the police
you might as well say fuck the humans if
someone does something bad if someone
does something bad to someone we don't
say fuck all humans
if someone bird or someone we say fuck
that guy and then you start breaking it
down to whatever group you're not a part
of so it's a fuck that ex generation guy
fuck that Lebanese guy or whatever
nationality he is fuck that straight guy
or fucker if he's gay and he killed
somebody fuck that gay guy but it's just
humans we're all individuals no matter
what it is well no matter what we're
talking about and as soon as you start
breaking everybody down into groups like
oh fuck these people you can't do that
with everybody there just because of
what's that and then it just becomes a
fight everybody it's you can't do that
you can't do that we're all fucking in
this thing together
correct god damn we're drunk right
probably too drunk when I drunk yet you
only had one here that weed that's all I
needed
so I'm probably gonna be in trouble for
that did they give you a hard time about
that who knows I'm going it's legal in
California where I'm at so it's legal
exactly you know if you got a man I mean
how many people used to go down to
Mexico to watch the you know whatever or
do whatever I'm a legalist I'm amazed
that people are still bringing in weed
from Mexico that shows me of a real lack
of American ingenuity that's outrageous
well the Canadians can screen or com
currently redirect you to this podcast
[Laughter]
the Internet is undefeated
I gotta give a shout-out to my people
they said that that's amazing
people did that that quickly yes you got
some rocks automatically directed to cut
speeders
I hope Discovery Channel doesn't get hit
with a wave of protests what channel you
want discovery yeah I just discovered
that they have a giant Network though
right like they have like how many
different channels are on the Discovery
Network channels I think is like 80 or
90 that's great it might be more than
that that's crazy
I mean they have some channels that I've
never even heard of like you know the
brick wall channel or I have no idea
just insane stuff they divide it all
down I think there needs to be a little
consolidation in the market yeah well
you know it's everybody loved Top Gear
right like Top Gear's like probably like
one of the greatest car shows of all
time I never really watched it how dare
you how dare you Richard Rawlings but
it's uh is it dead now
or is it well they've the grand what is
the grand tour or something like that
something like on Amazon Amazon picked
it up but having watched a single
episode the new one but the old one was
the shit and part of it that was fun was
that you know those guys were kind of
nuts yeah exactly
yeah that's what we do you know gas
monkey we kind of lose we have fun with
light stuff on fire break it whatever
yeah and there was some violence what's
the what's his name the head guy Clark's
and was it Jeremy's every Clark's got
into lunchtime producer right Oh trust
me I yeah I don't know if that producer
deserved it or not I've had to reserve
myself quite a few times people get
crazy you know you're putting a show
together it's a lot of work you know
especially you know those guys the
producers the camera guys the sound guys
the people that are sitting in the
discovery offices and alright they have
jobs yeah
this is my life I'm putting on every
single day you know and so not only do I
have my whole life on it and in it but
then I have to deal with filming it and
I've tried to explain it to him because
they don't care the to a point if the
show does well or bad cuz there will be
another Richard down the road right
right yeah there's a lot of high volume
approach when it comes to those like
kind of like cave
shows you know they just try to bang out
as many as they can
high-volume you know and they have a
formula that they try to follow and they
have a lot of like setup scenarios where
people get in trouble for things where
they're not really getting in trouble so
it's all set up in advance you know they
feel it's almost scripted right a lot of
reality shows some of them can't be you
just know that you support the fifth
shot how dare you I think it's but I
think it's that they I was telling
myself this morning should cut back on
drinking I tell myself that every
morning but it's so Wow because I've
known as the guy that likes to drink
some cold miller lights and hang out in
the garage so even though my own you
know my own bars and restaurants and
stuff and they'll come in I'm buying you
a beer and I'm like sir you really don't
have to I own the place
oh I'm buying it I'm like you really
don't have to like not buying it I'm
like ring him up Sally yeah Wow makes
people feel good if you like buying
people shit like that that's a beautiful
thing about booze people like buying
people a drink let me buy you a drink
all right it's like a nice gesture
exactly don't buy people sandwiches
right they buy people drinks oh I'm down
for a pizza sandwich anything any time
I'm gonna buy you an herbal tea no one's
ever said that yeah I know well we're
gonna California I'm sure they're saying
it right now they probably say would you
like matcha or just the regular herbs or
like people probably said that just try
to appear spiritual I'd like to buy you
an herbal tea yes did you see with
Bitcoin and herbal tea I had a girl
asked me that just the other day she
goes your aura seems different
mm-my interesting I don't get that lady
at all she goes well I see you every
year here barrett-jackson and you just
you're you're you're glow is different
mmm I was different mmm I'm still using
the same Tom Ford Axe body spray thing
because we're the things they say to
people to fuck with them are you gaining
weight gaining weight Richard hmm your
auras different yeah you look so thin
are you is your diet okay how's your
diet okay
it's great what's your auras different
trying to figure out what's wrong you're
not happy are you not happy oh I'm
perfectly happy what's wrong what's
wrong what's wrong with you you ready to
crack fucking big they're just they're
just joking you that's come on I know
you're scared
exactly yeah they're tricking you trick
me into revealing some shit your auras
off Richard something's wrong with your
aura you should probably be able to
punch people that say that we should
definitely go hey fuck off auras aren't
real bitch you need to draw the aura
show me what the watch you get you gotta
have some science behind this the whole
ideology of fuck off is my thing so the
gas monkey ring yeah
I don't need says fuck off I'm shaking
your hand you should always be able to
say fuck off if you can't say fuck off
but you have to be judicious right you
have to say fuck off when fuck off is
appropriate but you have to also salute
people when they're not full of shit
yeah yeah you say you're definitely not
the person I'm telling the fuck off your
art you're a good dude you're alright
man you gotta have positive and negative
like someone is telling you they're
reading they're all your auras okay you
might be able to I mean I don't know
what the fuck you're seeing I barely
know what I'm saying I have no idea if
what I'm seeing is really even remotely
similar to what you're seeing I'm just
assuming there you go it's just a guess
like well like some people like weird
fucking cars right like some people are
really into certain cars you go I don't
get it
yeah like a Pinto hatchback or something
some people are really into those there
were some groups some people really into
like gross looking shit yeah I know what
they're seeing maybe they're seeing
something different than me well it's
just probably a combination of their
childhood their upbringing what I have
you
but isn't like is it possible they're
like personal taste is a lot like
sprinting speed like not everybody is
going to be Carl Lewis right not
everybody is going to be some who's
another fast guy who's stainable Hussein
Bolt is the fastest ever that's supposed
to be
he's the fastest ever not everybody can
do that so isn't it possible that that
would also apply to taste but there's
there's people out there that really get
what's wrong with your fucking shitty
taste yeah there's other people out
there that likes Fox Body Mustangs
nearly in the Fox body I think it's the
best looking car of all time it's the
best ever I just left barrett-jackson
and you see something roll across the
stage and you're just like yeah why
didn't the hell did somebody find that I
don't get it and they're over there
clapping they're all happy ordering
drinks for their friends look I just
bought an 81 yeah thunderbird turbo a
Mustang 5.0 like Vanilla Ice had in this
video we're we're gonna say just waters
they're bad my body sold when it Bears
car it's not the worst car in the world
but if you had to compare what is that
like 87 88 like what was that car what
year was that the van we'll ask our 89
who's 89
okay that 5.0 Mustang 5.0 he was 80 he
had a drop top down so his locks can
flow didn't he
something like that yeah you know he
grew up just up the street from where I
grew up I met him a UFC I believe I
believe he was very nice there it is BAM
my my friend Kevin Chaisson had one of
those but he didn't have a convertible
rolling him alive oh we were like
fucking 20 years old that car back in
the day was the shit if you had one of
those cars you were fucking here it was
fast it was it was also like it was a
the car to have had like 230 horsepower
really probably no I wonder it might not
have had any more but it was good
because we were all stupid and we didn't
know how to drive anyway but those cars
were that at that time for whatever
reason like whatever was wrong with
people that was a good-looking car but
if you looked at that car could be act
like a 69 Mach one like get the fuck out
oh yeah how did you do this go to a 69
Mach one that's all this car at black
1969 Mach one absolutely best car ever
it's one of them
I mean there's some arguments out there
of one of the but it's it's in the
fucking race for sure it's in the top
three go live
black 69 Mach one get off that's a
restomod piece of shit fight a real one
it's true it's true that is a rest of my
but the shape is in order the one down
there the big 50 70 I was in the seventh
yeah here I got out for headlights on
the six right there's the missing side
lights 71 Mach one was what Keanu Reeves
had well that's what she wished right
now yes you know he had a Chevelle after
they stole his fucking Mustang
Killingsworth
dude they did the ultimatum okay they
killed his dog and they stole his
Mustang there you go you got a let's be
here to kill some Russians so yeah I
actually did some promo for that show
was pretty good that fucking movie
here's what's there it is there's a John
wick Mustang there it is the guy was
talking to when rust in Russian about
his must fuck that's a good car the show
was great because the kid was just a
total fuck-up oh I was like what do I do
with this yeah Jack killed my kid or
kill this dude and then he came with
what I said we were talking about your
Chevelle your 68 Chevelle I go between
68 69 in those 1970s sometimes I look at
those seventies in a row goddamn that's
a perfect car they look a little tougher
it's a mad man's car look at that one
whoa I need one look at that goddamn
thing that Mach 169 we're gonna build
one on the show hopefully this year
that's a fucking beautiful car yeah
69 Mach 1 and the boss 429 I need to get
into building some of these movie cars
because I've seen some of them up close
and there there's shit go to classic
recreations boss 429 go to this you need
to see this
he made this murdered-out 1969 boss and
it is look at that day how dare you now
that's perfect
whoo that's perfect Christ look at that
goddamn car
yeah everyone runs that right now give
me a call on my heart
shit that's pretty awesome that's about
as America as an eagle killing a
terrorist
exactly right look at that fucking car
man don't go away from that picture
Jamie go back to that picture good lord
mighty good did there's not a better
looking car there's just different
nothing's better looking than that
doesn't exist I don't give a fuck what
anybody says there's nothing better
looking than that car it's just
different
I agree we've had a few boss 429 s
through the shop but definitely not a
modern one like that there's a grad gang
of evil cars from that day but there's
not a better looking one do people just
I mean the the manufacturers were just
trying to one-up each other kind of just
the the Wild West of automobile and like
I'm gonna go out to you know I'll do you
and I wish you know we're sort of in
that again right now Yeah right you know
Dodge and Chevy and Ford are kind of
doing the same thing right now
they are and it's also elevated
everybody's interior game which keep
that out there don't you take that down
that's like shutting down porn what's
wrong everybody's interior games stepped
up too because it used to be like the
Germans that Japanese had much higher
build quality with the interiors but
Corvette has had to step up its game
considerably like the new Corvettes a
very nice interior
Tony Hinchcliffe has one stand-up
comedian extraordinaire 20 inch cliff
he's got a Grand Sport which a lot of
people think is the best of the because
it's not too overpowered still got the
wide body but I look at the interior go
this is a nice interior man it's not
like it used to be it used to be the
cars fastest fuck its but this season
there's nothing in it you have a two
spoke steering wheel that when you can
absolutely bend it you know those cars
were terrible I just noticed are these
fake clouds in the air yeah they are is
these lights that used to have clear
covers and instead we get this thing
from octo lights and they're a company
that makes it's it's like a photograph
of clouds that you can see through so
that we put it over the the top of the
light it's
did Octomom start that like told lights
no lights in here not eight well in the
old place we had them there were stars
but the news place the lights these are
LED lights are just not as bright so we
had to change it to clouds that's the
new roles with the star oh you have yeah
I've got a wraith and it's got the
shooting star every once in a while
really yeah so a lot of people don't
know that the star pattern that they put
in the headliner in the car is the exact
star pattern from I guess the original
factory or whatever oh wow and
unbelievable you're riding along you got
stars and above you that's freaking rad
yeah my neighbor has one of those the
cars epic it's not ready ready - doors
get the four-door but you get in and you
go this car is preposterous it's so
quiet it's like you're barely connected
to the outside world ready there you go
stealing those suicide doors look at the
fucking ceiling man you're barely
connected to the world
barely you barely pay attention oh I
jump in there and my poodle Fifi jumps
in I got a standard black poodle this
you know a big big girl and she jumps in
there and just like rides around look at
the people didn't they develop poodles
for some specific hunting reason yeah
they were hunters yeah like people think
of poodles they think of poodles is like
like a rich person's to Beverly Hills
dog the bel-air poodles
yeah they were bred as hunters and
whatever as a matter of fact mine I call
her Fifi is her name and she brought a
rabbit in one night she comes to bed I'm
laying there and I'm like what is she
messing with so I reached down in the
dark and pull up this rabbit like what
the frak and but they soft mouth them
they were there it's in their genes they
don't kill them they bring them to you
the master as a shine of respect a show
of respect plus they don't kill it so
she brought a live rabbit in a man who
like I've rabbit must have been having a
tough day
oh dude but it went off we're all
freaking possum on you just laid there
and I carried it out put it down
dude run away obviously about ten
minutes is what it took it to come out
of frozen state I mean it just got ate
by a poodle and brought into bed with me
it probably felt like as long as it's
alive just just go with this just just
go limp and hope you're just a toy just
hope it happens yeah that's the good
thing he's got our own Instagram she's
doing well she's always showing off
domestic dogs right like they don't need
to eat they don't need to kill you to
eat so they're only there only grabbing
you so rabbits probably just keep it
together and he'll just eventually get
bored exactly doesn't really want to eat
you what is that it's a poodle
what's 1649 how about in 1649 they
already fucked dogs up to that point cuz
all dogs come from wolves that's what
one of the there's B be right there
think one of the biggest looks like one
of the weirdest stories that came out of
genetics is understanding that all dogs
came from wolves they didn't think that
I think I'm pretty sure they thought
that all dogs were like a combination of
a bunch of different things like wild
dogs and different things that
eventually became like a mastiff or
something but now they realize no every
single dog from a chihuahua to a Great
Dane comes from a wolf yeah but I mean
there's some dogs that what do you do
with him I mean he's got a 150 pound
Mastiff that just lays there
slobbers I had 140 pound Mastiff he
lived to be 13 years old he was awesome
it's a great dog now they're great dogs
but this is the air and they're smart
they're smart and they're big and I
don't like take I don't I don't mind I
mean especially here in California you
got to pick up the dogs crap but you
know you don't I don't want to pick up a
crap that's bigger than mine in Texas
you find dogs you just shoot it now you
got to pick it up it's it's it's
everywhere there's people walking along
and that just cracks me up I'm like I'm
gonna follow this giant animal around
and pick up its shit that's the leash
your worries
the real problem is it doesn't
understand how big it is and it knocks
people downstairs and say that you got
to be real
careful you have steep stairs and a big
dog you have to really train that
motherfucker correctly you gotta let him
know hey you can't jump on the
four-year-old at the top stair you
fucking dummy but he's a dog he just
loves you they love you get him you know
big dogs like my friend Johnny Cash was
my dog he's and my friend Joe sold him
to me and he was a trainer of dogs for
movies and shit like okay you know the
movie The Incredible Hulk with the one
with Eric Bana when Nick Nolte plays his
dad and Nick catches the bad guy and
he's like a scientist and he sticks the
Hulk serum into these dogs and he turns
these dogs these big giant hulking
Mastiffs well the original dog was
actually my friend's dog and he was a
trainer of these dogs and he brought him
to fear and on fear factor these doctor
just laying around like super chill like
that's that's the cartoon dog but there
was like a real dog before that his name
the dog was he's a Regency Mastiff and
his name was curly so anyway this guy he
developed these he raised these dogs and
made him to the he read them to this
place where they just had no aggression
no aggression to dogs no aggression of
people like this dog was like a Hulk
just a giant mass muscle but you can
come up to it anybody can come up to him
pet it little kids were petting it and
he was like gently kissing their face he
was the sweetheart of sweethearts what a
place we run in there
we got more people out there I'm good
but anyway he's a big dog but he's a
super sweetheart it's all about like
breeders like how they breed up yeah
yeah for sure what kind of dogs do you
have
just Fifi the poodle standard poodle
how much does Fifi weigh probably sixty
it's a reasonable shit you're cleaning
up a reasonable handful I know yeah
several times a day it's like if you
have like an English Mastiff no you got
it you don't have the one bag you got
two bags got a hunk of shit then you've
got to figure out how to roll this one
and roll this you got a pot roast of
shit that comes out of that animals
asshole every few hours
it's insane yeah that's it those those
poor fellas and gals don't live very
long though unfortunately that's what's
sad those really big dogs like eight
nine years they're done mine lived to be
thirteen which is extraordinary that's
pretty old but he was hurt and I have
other joints let me walk yeah I would
have to carry him to his food and then
carry him back outside so we can go to
the bathroom it was bad the trials and
tribulations of big dogs their nest on
the JRE you can tune in on a cont screen
or car might be one of the greatest
things has ever happened in the history
show is cont screener calmed trending
yet for sure for sure and people are
gonna be mad at us why did you have to
use a derogatory term for months fuck
China when I come a big dick screener
these guys are dicks they're assholes
dicks and assholes and yet you chose
cunt
well we we were thinking about manhole
but it's the same yeah Australia has the
proper use of the word cunt and there's
too much reverence to that word in
America people get confused about it in
Australia they just throw that bitch
around like it's a beach ball oh yeah
they did concert I've had some
Australians on my show yeah that's like
even if you know for EM protects I'm
like holy shit he's fucking the cunts
he's he's a good cunt that's my favorite
yeah it's a good con he's a good con and
they meet that like you might as well be
replacing the word cunt for dude cuz
it's all about intent to them it's
basically saying hey he's good dude he's
a good dude
and they're saying he's good con they're
yeah it's not bad
gotta have a set of these not steal
those this is a plasti sell their
company that is they make these one-off
little dolls and they you touch the he
data for it the these are hand-painted
no kiddin yeah this guy's a beast man
plasti sell on Instagram he makes all
this stuff that's pretty rad
no he's wicked he made one for my dog
he did John wickedness fuck - oh he did
John wick and his dog
that's from John wick dose not John
brick you know dogs and I'm twisted can
I get the couch sir they know it's from
John wick one I'm wrong moves from John
wick one that he had the pit bull yeah
it was yeah yeah John wick - they killed
the Beagle and then he had the pit bull
yeah they started going in killing spree
it doesn't have a three out now working
on it yeah it's coming out soon yeah
he's cool cat I ran into him at a Deus
Ex machine it down and Santa Monica
Venice area and he was on his bikes and
super cool rad dude just hey what's up
and Keanu Reeves must be one of the
nicest coolest people in the planet cuz
no one has a bad word to say about that
never ever
he might be what we should all Spri it
or be we should all aspire to be Keanu
Reeves or you might have some really
crazy secrets no that is the nice it
seems like everybody runs into him you
know like I'm sure there's some people
that ran into you where they caught you
the wrong way and they're all went
sideways for a little bit no not really
I mean but no fucking Keanu Reeves hey
got it going on but the point what I was
gonna get to is one of the things that
those movies did was they they elevated
the profile of those muscle cars because
shit'll saw that movie and they went
this guy for this something about him I
know he's murdering people I know he's
the best at murdering people I know he
killed three guys in a bar with a pencil
I know that but look how fucking cool he
looks he's good he's got the dopest
suits he's killing people he's not
killing people in an under armour rash
guard
okay he's killing people in the dopest
suits he's stabbing people in the neck
and he's driving a 70 Chevelle SS but
the trick is unlike your for mentioned
and loved Eleanor
it wasn't plasticized it was a real
freakin muscle car did that shit hanging
all over it an extra side pipes you're
right you're right but you're also wrong
because
Eleanor look at that god damn it I've
gotta kill somebody I'm doing it just
like that god
come on gets out of a sheep he's got
cragger's on it a Chevelle SS from 1970
with cragars its torque press
look how I can torque for this yeah look
how good he looks with at Creager style
that that's a classic whitewall tire I
mean come on man or white litter tire
raised white letter come on that's class
I know you can get your own now you can
get your name on it you could do
anything there's up gas there's a time
that sells like stickers monkey tires I
should but in their vocation you can
actually order stickers now that that
are the rubber letters that fuse
themselves into the rubber on your tire
so you end up with a white letter like
that and you put anything on there Wow
like Joe Rogan sure so I'm gonna send
you and me photos of their car in 1970
Chevelle rolling around with cunt
screener now the company that does it's
gonna send assets for our car I don't
think they'll let you in the golf course
with that shit after the burrito
incident I guarantee you they'll make it
on small little golf cart tires too I
need a set of time for a 10-inch wheel
idea smaller font please try to fix this
electric golf cart that's a long I've
got a golf cart I Drive in my
neighborhood that's insane it's a
polaris like four seater with the little
truck bed hmm and I Drive it all around
the neighborhood cuz I got a nice little
neighborhood get to the grocery store I
get to get something to eat I could go
to a bar or whatever and so I raced
total hell with this thing I Drive
through people's yards you know I'm a
great neighbor because I'm really fun
and if I do absolutely fuck something up
I will definitely pay for it but at the
same time they're like okay does it have
to have 32,000 speakers on it and a
50-inch television screen white wall
tires don't exist what happened to what
they do but the only exists on classic
cars oh yeah you're not going to see
them or anything new that they the
lettered tires are starting to get more
popular with brand new ones but the
white wall remember the four or five
inch white wall all right I'm gonna tell
you I'm gonna talk to you about a
polarizing
shoo yeah ready I'm ready raw well
Portia's I have no idea what you're
talking about you know we're talking
about no those wide-body weird
japanese-style body kits they put on old
Porsches is it like Liberty walk shitter
giant white ass bodies are a you got it
I don't know anything about here is our
au h wel t how the fuck do you not know
about this because I can't afford
collecting foreigners but no these are
old cars these are not the most
expensive cars no that's an old
accordion bumper that's been smoothed
out and so it's like 78 79 but you see
the bolt on bumpers or the excuse me the
bolt on fender flares
I like that here in the front yeah well
this there's a gentleman out of Japan
and he does all of these raw welt cars
by hand and go to him
what is the guy's name so I could give
the guy his props but that dude right
there with the I love RW t-shirt on
he's his name as a curette nakai and he
all raw welt cars he does himself so
he'll fly out from Japan he sauces your
fucking fenders off it puts these flares
on the front and the rear there's some
amazing videos of him because he's a
real character he's changed smoking
cigarettes the entire time and he's like
measuring this shit he does it all by
hand he lays the the caulking around the
edge but yeah weather sealing that's the
guy right there I'm going out on a limb
then I'm gonna invite him to come to
Texas and do my Wraith because I didn't
Porsche
well I've I've been considering doing a
wide body on my wraith just for the hell
of it and I would let him come to it if
he would be interested in it that would
be amazing episode but if you wanted to
just do what he does and and and
you know get a Porsche like that's kind
of his style but he takes these things
and makes them fucking cartoonish wide
fuck that just cracks me up you're
dealing with like 20 inch tires that's
freaking super cuts they're outstanding
my deal with gas monkey like you say
okay well I could actually tell you yeah
we can do that but I'm like right this
guy's no
or bring his as in let's have some fun
let's watch his talent I got it I got a
I got a situational sense right there
that's what I need Rutledge from Top
Gear you know Rutledge wood I know the
name his nice guy super nice guys been
on this podcast before he's doing one of
those cars and he's doing it with an LS
swap so instead of using an air-cooled
engine we already did it oh you already
did that yeah good move
why is it so prohibitive oh I don't know
it's it's Porsche people you know the
size the Seinfeld's of the worlds and
God bless you Seinfeld they're like oh
it's not original pure guts
we did a 996 like a 2000 2001
convertible and did the LS swap and we
finished that in 2000 late 2016 and I
had a brand new 2017 911 Turbo S in the
signal green and if I didn't mess with
the buttons if I didn't turn off all the
stuff I could not get it away from that
car till about 140 miles an hour well
couldn't get away well look at this
thing sure yeah that's ours this is it
look at that who is Lord oh we win
freaking ball headlights - so you 99 6
he went with the 997 headlight yup
that car was so yeah with 911 gt3 the
front with it where the bumper is the
open vents oh my good god was freaking
great Gary really tearing it up
that's beautiful where is it friend of
mine owns it and I told him I said you
can buy the car but if you ever sell it
you got to ask me first dude fuck him I
know right if I came from Tony
Tony you suck you have that car the
thing about those it's so weird that
you're not allowed to do that but but
like you look at that Woods that was
three years ago man oh my goodness
there's not again alright put that right
next to the Mustang Mach 1 it's not
better it's just different
yeah there's both fucking incredible
they both have the same reaction like
that car which is a 2001 that looks like
a 0 or a 1 yeah that car the way it's
modified the way it's put together it is
so fucking pretty if you had that
that's 69 Mach one there just a ditz as
different tastes it's a different feel
but that's a fucking amazing car and
maybe in the future you might look at
that one even better when you consider
the performance that's my other car a
tuner we built down there the 280z the
green one oh yeah I always wanted a 240
but that's a 280 with 13,000 original
miles and we went nuts with that and did
the whole Lexus swap as 22 J's one like
letter tires oh yeah bringing him back
that car was cool knit I sold it to a
customer no bullshit for a pretty
amazing amount of money for a 280z and
it was being shipped and the truck
burned to the fucking ground yeah what
happened there knows but the whole
trailer burned to the ground well you
know how there's been these fires out
here do you know about how Californians
had some pretty crazy fires there's a
guy up street that are really nice
3-series BMW burnt to the ground it's
still sitting there I took pictures of
it I put it on my Instagram oh you need
to call me here's what I think we do cuz
there have been some really amazing cars
that have burned with the fires that
have in this past year
the panels are still good though don't
don't worry about the panel's we take
them I need to make you this for in here
this conference table you take it and
that's that's from okay so you take the
real special car that burned down you
blow everything out you clear coat it so
it doesn't stink and what have you we
put a glass top on it and you have a
conference table called burning up the
competition you know or whatever but I
think I think some of those really
expensive burned-out cars would make
really cool conference tables yeah good
art projects yeah for your background
you got lucky bitch just having in a big
black baby me you got lucky bitch you
weren't in the wrong place the wrong
time yeah I'm a big fan of those e46 m3
s those 2000 ish I do not know I don't
know nine guys I mean it
oh there you go dude I'm an American
custom silver 46m 3ci he was saying so
many numbers I was worried you were
baiting me to see if I'd like that yeah
those are cool
there was no e46 m3 e46 is like it's a
super well-balanced 50/50 balance car
from like two thousand to three and many
people think it's like the gold standard
for m3s because m3s there's something
that happened to em threes and right now
I like the fact that an m3 became an m4
like stay right there don't move m3 but
still a car that's a fucking good
looking car because an m4 is a totally
different thing than an m3
it's beautiful and it's amazing like an
m4 from BMWs a an amazing driver like if
you want to drive that car every day
you'll be super pleased the performance
is unprecedented in the M world and most
of the car world the only things that
are faster like fucking GTRs and
Corvettes that are zr1 0:06 is a shit
but it's different because an m3 was
really light it was really light and
uncomplicated there wasn't any traction
control or if there was it was minimal
mostly it was just anti-lock brakes and
it was you know three thousand pound car
and it has 333 horsepower and is
perfectly balanced for the right amount
of thrust the right amount of like grip
with the tires because they weren't the
widest tires but they were wide enough
there's a little bit of fender flare
that made them wider than the standard
3-series and it's just a perfect
understated looking car when you look at
that e46 m3 you look at that car like
that sudden that's a fucking good
neutral zone like they nailed it cool if
anybody has one of those I'm dying you
can reach me here to cast lucky duck
sold it right well what we do is we buy
like 10 or 20 of them and then we sell
one at auction for like 15 times what
they normally bring in then we sell the
rest them but look at that car that's
pretty damn good it's a good car you
want there's a balance to that car it's
not like a Ferrari 488 or some shit like
that where it's so outrageous everybody
go everybody like gets light now see you
got me there because I don't like rear
engines
oh you don't not in the Ferrari type
stuff because to me you know if you've
got a front-engine b12 you're a
connoisseur look at that if you've got
one behind you oh then you just got a
contract of some sort and you might not
have that car next week look at that car
alright do you own one no I think I need
to buy a cool
I need a e46 m3 in my life look at that
that's what it might be it's perfectly
understated and yet flashy it's like a
balance so what's the value on that
right now cuz I'm serious I don't watch
that kind of car they're not crazy
they're not crazy because I think people
overlook them they overlook them for
more extravagant like 92 m3s which is
like the v8 years so if you could buy
one what would you pay for one right now
I mean just a nice California one no
rust I have brain damage so I've
critical just thinking to see I don't
know off I'd have to call my buddy
Dennis on something like that because I
just don't know those kind of cars
there's something about that car that's
very appealing because it's a balance
issue it's not like there's something
about the Mach 1 that's like holy shit
you know like America fuck yeah so
here's what here's what we do we put it
out to the the people listening bring us
a nice one owner low mile m3 that hasn't
been racked out
yeah even 6e 46 P 46 m3 that it hasn't
been racked out and I'll bid against you
and we'll see who gets it I had two em
threes in a row at least two em threes
in a row from BMW for the v8 years
because it was so good it was my daily
driver it was so good after I would get
out of it I was like this car is
everything I like it's understated and
yet it's wicked
it's got v8 power but yet it's not
preposterous like the wheels don't break
loose every time you hit the gas it has
a double clutch transmission so it's
good in traffic and it also has a whale
because it's got this high revving v8
and so many things that I liked I got
some of them in a row so they're gonna
send this one on the old interwebs and
the way I got you I got a pretty good
reach I think I can get a hold of BMW
know I can get a hold of people that
owned one in their garage right now that
are probably at their Golf Club so we'll
just bid against each other so you gets
it
I don't know what there were how about I
let you get it not buy a different one
I'm not stupid bro how about we do this
let's buy two of them and race I'm not
good at racing straight line round lines
don't care I don't care who gets there
first I just like driving yeah don't
bullshit nope my real I don't King
racing but I really don't care if you
get there first all i care is about
going sideways and correcting and
hitting the turn at the proper apex and
stomping on the gas and knowing when to
brake and knowing when to like dig in if
you get ahead of me I don't give a fuck
I really don't I'm just trying to have
fun because I'm not a professional racer
neither am i if that's all I wanted to
do if I was Danica Patrick then that's
what I'd be into but I'm not and I don't
I really just like driving cars yeah me
too I'm not a racer at all if you and I
drove I would let you win cuz I'd like
you oh yeah I'd let you win cuz I like
you so we're just gonna be sitting at
the starting line look at look at 2001
846 m3 I don't want to convertible yeah
I think that if you're gonna try to
drive a car then you don't want to
convert well I have one converter part I
have a 1965 it would want to find that
hey let's find one on there and I'll buy
right now look all the guy I know guys
selling one of those what do you got one
did 8500 look at that 46 6-speed low
miles 13,000 you can't even buy a 69
Mach 1 for anywhere near that not even
near that that's a good car - I love
that car stereo he's covered I'm a fan
I'm a fan I just think that there's some
years there Street Palace Burtis super
close okay if he could be here in the
next 20 minutes before we get it done or
how not that close it's basically a long
beach second hour
fuck it's a long time term here is like
4 hours 3 yeah 3 p.m. it's 4 hours yeah
it was sad that what do they got long
beach not just lost we dog the Queen the
Queen Elizabeth whatever the Queen Mary
the Queen Mary yeah there's a laugh
factory down there in Long Beach there's
a lot of things in Long Beach
see I've always wanted to try a comedy
really I I just you want to try tonight
no ok I'm not exactly prepared if I can
make it happen I just don't know how I
mean I I know that it's a I mean it's a
very rigid process and you have to
really refine and I've looked at it I've
studied it and I'm like I think I could
probably just let me do it I think you'd
do it a hundred percent no bullshit
you 100% can be a comedian I need to go
to comedian school does not doesn't
exist
oh really yeah this is what you got to
do you got to make friends with
professional comedians we'll be honest
with you okay like there's a like what
one of the beautiful things about comedy
is that it's very much a brother ship
and a sister for sure I've seen it yeah
there's a brotherhood and sisterhood
that exists with comedies where we
there's no institutions even though it's
like one of the favorite things of
people people love to laugh it's one of
the rare things it gives you a very
specific reaction like if you go to see
a movie and it's like a rock movie like
you mangy or something it's fun
sometimes it's funny sometimes it's
exciting but it's a bunch of shit going
on
you go to see stand-up you go to see
Kevin Hart do stand-up you you're going
there cuz Kevin Hart is drug dealer okay
that drug is laughter yeah I'm here to
hit you with some fucking high level
gigantic arena laughter and you gotta
walk out of there going holy shit that
was fun
yeah whoo like he gave you some drugs oh
no III think I might try it one day a
new it was shot there like an open mic
go out there go hey I'm I'm Richard from
cunt screener calm there's a lot of
places
Addison improv good spot yeah Addison
and props great it's a great spot not
only that not only is that great right
next door is the Kobe steak house yes
and you can get all the chop-chop and if
you get hammered you can go to that
piano bar that piano bar still there
piano bar still there but
the right next to Kobe is the Memphis
it's a lounge Memphis lounge and that's
always good time mm-hmm I've met a few
of my wives there I worked there many
times that's a fun place to work I used
to love to do that circuit what I would
do is cap city in Austin and I would do
the improv
well the when did there is an
improvident Addison but there's another
improv to write that I haven't done is
that in Fort Worth I think so I think
there's one like 40 minutes away yeah
it's like Fort Worth yeah yeah yeah and
then there was a laugh stop in Houston
and that was the run yeah we'll see
Dallas you need to run you need to gas
monkey live I hold about 2,000 some
people like what is it you have a
concert place yeah dude I graduated high
school in 87 somebody told me two things
one you're gonna build a car that Hot
Wheels is gonna make and two you're
gonna have motley crew at your bar I'm
like no way that's incredible yeah so is
this the place that you were building on
your show yeah yeah you have a two
thousand seat place there yeah I think
we're 22 is that place now what's really
bitchin about this is uh the the stage
is solid concrete it's not raised so the
reverb in the end the sound that we get
out of there even the guys from crew
when they played it was a deal with
dodge and me and them and BA they were
supposed to come in and play like 41
minutes or something and they played for
like an hour and a half and we're like
we hadn't played anything like this in
decades in the sound it's fuckin and
that it's so cool dude you're like an
uber businessman you just dip your toes
and everything I called myself an
entreprenuer cuz I've always put my
hands in the shit like so yeah I mean
you own a rep you got a restaurant bar
you make music we're doing energy drink
gas monkey energy is he yelling it we're
in every 7-eleven in the US what's with
the gas monkey energy
it's a Saturday energy drink it's
powered with all kinds of B vitamins and
with shit where our sugar we use real
honey
you know it's a better deal all the way
around wow you get it from slave bees
yeah well I didn't know there was any
other kind crack the whip in the Box B I
had a bit about that about how you're a
vegan one of the most crazy things about
being a vegan is you can't eat honey did
you honey it's like probably the oldest
you know substance for nutrition in the
world it's one of them it's definitely
the top million but that these bees are
not like your slaves
you can't just force them to make honey
J again stick over the box they don't
care they don't they don't even know
what's going on do you think there's any
honey bee trafficking going on yes for
sure and it's awful it needs to stop and
it's mostly by white people obviously I
was leaving LA the other day and there's
lady had like 24 eggs and they were
scanning well you never know
carry some ones they make fake eggs they
do and you could put drugs in that fake
egg no yeah yeah it really is look if
you're a drug deal and you're making
millions dollars of cocaine an egg of
coke imagine how fucking how valuable an
egg filled with coke would be yeah like
a rocket coke that big
take a guess Jamie how about like a
ostrich egg ostrich egg full of coke
yeah a good goose egg I haven't done
anything like that and sits on a really
really small job Oh ostrich egg filled
with coke Google that don't be scared it
probably comes up that's the problem
like you're sitting there thinking with
your buddy or shit like I just thought
I'm really cool googling like fuck it's
probably someone like getting arrested
for having it up their ass did you see
that CIA spy kit where they had to stick
it up their ass fugitive ostrich farm
fraudster Martin Evans extradited to is
that guy having an ostrich egg uh
possess is that what used to anis Berg
he was doing drug dealing with ostriches
how did he get the drugs in the ostrich
through is it would be beak not nostrils
like well they have nostrils still weird
now I knew a guy you know you you know
I've done a lot of the world rallies and
the gumball 3000 yeah the bull runs and
all this so one guy appeared on the
scene for a few years and it was kind of
weird he was like the everybody went in
there and he was kind of not really
competing but he had all these expensive
cars turns out that that's all he's been
doing for four or five years was
shipping these cars from town to town on
regular shipping trucks full of drugs
who's gonna search a Lamborghini
murcilago right they just assume he's
there for the Gumball Rally yeah
meanwhile he's a dope dealer
exactly now that guy I think he's in the
jail now one of the things about cars
right is that cars
the men's baser instincts respond to
cars you know something about like like
a Lamborghini is something about those
cars it's like look you want a kind of
slightly slightly escape from society's
constraints oh yeah but I'm gonna I'm
not a fan with those cars I'm I do it
with the old cars yeah I like the old
shit I mean I had some news that only
Murcielago is either it's just some can
see on oh well there's some weird so
wide and big craziness can't see can't
get in and out I mean it's so um rich
too you know there's that every now and
then on Sunset and for the comedy story
see he's got wah-wah-wah-wah little
flying by the Comedy Store and the cars
are like five fucking miles wide each
cars they're super wide yeah and you
always know the asshole that doesn't
know what he's doing because he's
pushing in the collection yeah but
there's no catch there's no clutch well
not anymore he's neutral in doing it
exist these guys that drive around and
they're like crap you know look at me
now like dude just Travis brake a car
who did we get the satisfaction
Washington stall out anymore though
like someone who doesn't know how to do
I stalled out my Bronco and I was like
everybody around me that was looking at
this car that got jealous that's for you
feel better about yourself yeah fucking
fuck everybody had a way to extra three
seconds and they're all like you fucking
loser now this is a pretty badass Bronco
it's about at Spago but you ever been to
La Cienega Boulevard right when they hit
sunset uh-huh that's a steep ass he'll
come around
dudes a manual stall out of that
motherfucker
yeah we started the gumball 3000 there
one time oh really
we started on that hill you had to clear
that light just to go do things screwed
up all the time that's a good move yeah
they should have never mowed down the
House of Blues though well the hell
here's the thing I agree with you a
hundred percent but yeah yeah yeah I'm
not scared
round number what is this six um
the thing about the House of Blues that
was badass though when it went away so I
looped my friend yes sir a new friend so
you're gonna teach me comedy mmm a
hundred percent help you up um when it
was down when they tore it down from The
Comedy Store you could see a cross and
you see all the beautiful lights like
the lights in the Hollywood Hills I had
a buddy of mine who bought a house in
off of Doheny which is like way above
the hill you'd go to his backyard you
would look out the lights he'd be like
this doesn't even seem real it's like a
Blade Runner like most people see the
lights when you're down in them but when
you're above Hollywood or I'm looking
down it's one of the most spectacular
views in all of history it's way better
than any New York City of you because
you have a view top look at that that's
what you see yep and I'm telling you man
this is dog shit compared to my friend
Larry's house you'd look out there you'd
look at that and you go holy shit that's
incredible it was mesmerizing the image
was stunning
that's real a couple people that have
houses up there I know Dane Cook's got a
crazy house up there like a lot of guys
have houses up there that look down like
I always wanted to meet him he's a rad
dude yeah he's at the comic store all
the time well he's what was that show he
did my best friend's girl or whatever I
think it was a movie yeah maybe that is
probably one of the better maybe
out there it's pretty fucking hilarious
what's your all time favorite movie if
you have if there's one one move you
smokey the bandit everytime and if I had
to get in death and think about it I
might go with stroker ace where the hmm
the giant I think the smoke tower fell
he goes right under it because these
guys were doing their own stunts that
shit was real that one's CGI and they
were doing it what was that one movie
with the girl her name was Domino he was
a detective called Domino that was it
called Domino I don't remember
who's that what it's called yeah you
know like the was it called Domino
during Cannonball Run when they drove
the car into the pool oh yeah the NASCAR
looking thing yeah they did that because
they were fucking drunk they were loaded
and they were partying and the cameras
just happened to be rolling that and
that wasn't planned it wasn't part of
the script they did it because I thought
was funny was it called Sharky's machine
that's right Sharky's machine goddamn
what years at 81 I was 14 years old I
remember watching this movie on TV I was
like god damn I wish I was Burt Reynolds
and the woman who was like his
girlfriend oh my god she was so hot look
at her warmer days genetics that's when
they yeah their leg warmers back then
and then no one had an ass didn't even
figure out asses when they figure out
that sir mix-a-lot
ladies and gentlemen why people were in
the days we didn't even know what a ass
was sir mix-a-lot came along and changed
the game he came along with baby got
back
yes wait wait wait oh my god that is
better it was like everybody just got
smelling salts under the nose yeah then
the Kardashians fucked it up for all of
us everybody woke up they did but they
didn't they'd exploited a hole in this
system you know like Jennifer Lopez had
strong ass game way before them but it
was a legit latina ass game correct from
years of dancing and fucking running
upstairs and shit right it's correct
whatever the folks she did well also
she's like four foot two is she yeah
she's pretty short she's probably five
foot one or something she's pretty short
pack it all in
area you gotta get it in but those
movies man like Burt Reynolds movies for
whatever deliverance doesn't get the
respect it deserves that is one of the
all-time greatest drama movies
absolutely of all time I actually have a
picture when I was filming with Burton's
house somewhere in my phone I'll never
find it but I was in his memorabilia
room which also doubled as his weight
room and just there's stuff everywhere
and I was texting the way I was dealing
with the problem and somebody snapped a
picture of it and the deliverance canoe
is like laying up against the wall and
there's all these different memorabilia
things in there and when I say remember
be like that it was like a hoarding room
yeah everything was in there and it was
unbelievable it's like the most surreal
thing because I'm hammering away and
there's like everything behind you Lou
that day yeah here's the other thing
about that movie by the way Burt
Reynolds University of Florida played
football was a fucking stud yeah that
movie introduced me to the world of
compound bows I didn't even know what a
compound bow was until I saw that movie
I don't know what the compound blue is
now for bow hunting bro
I don't pro hunt man I do bell rung up
Burt Reynolds Reynolds I was he gonna
bow hey bro Reynolds com Jackson I was
gonna say it's also a big bow hunter but
something about that movie like when who
was the the guy who was getting fucked
when they were like squeal like a pig
what was his name the actor yes yes Ned
Beatty thank you Ned Beatty God damns
like a good actor holy shit you were so
scared for him well what's his space did
it later on in the movie was a who was
the other actor that did an another
maybe later on was it pulp fiction or
Bruce Willis
no he got caught and he's down there's
like we're never gonna talk about this
again right what was that thing rain is
in Pulp Fiction
but because The Gimp came out yeah yeah
yeah that was yeah that's right that's
right
we're never gonna talk about this this
didn't happen do you think Quinn tanti
would come on yeah for sure what he's
got that in a movie coming out deaf
when's this new movie coming out of this
I think they're either just rapping
filming it right now or it's like
they're getting close to maybe they just
finished on a scale one to ten how high
do you think he's willing to get why not
unless he doesn't I don't know that he
doesn't but he does what else is he
gonna do oh yeah go through life
pretending parties come in and talk
about movies he loves movies good meat
tools I love his movies
it's 3/10 should we wrap this bitch up I
don't know man what you got I'm trying
to see if any of my social crap is don't
leave that stuff well you know it is
something good to talk about you injured
to a new dimension of social media
within the last three hours I suggest
you leave your phone alone much more
often I was just checking to see if they
gave us anything to talk about
they definitely didn't it's three hours
in ten minutes I'm squeezing my bladder
tight well how do we end it we just know
we just end it yeah Denver seven
definitely number seven jihad to
everyone thank you to you all thanks for
everybody for listening to this podcast
gas monkey apparel and clothing gas
monkey garage comm gas monkey rush calm
the television show um when fast and
loud on Monday nights coming in June
right now we got garage rehab on Tuesday
nights misfit garage will be coming back
demolition theater
I have a lot of shows on TV DVR
motherfuckers it's your friend use that
DVR can they get it on Netflix or
anywhere else they get it anywhere man
everywhere it's like the number one
automotive motorcycle thing going on
number one bitches I love it hey I had a
great fucking time
thank you brother that was really really
fun yes sir for sure all right thank you
buddy bye
[Applause]
[Music]